corry ` corey ` campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the ` tattoo terrorists ' he was sentenced to 20 years in state prison for the abuse of greg valecce , 53 , who was tied to a chair and beaten for three days . sandra ng , campbell 's girlfriend , was also sentenced to 23 months in prison for her role in the shocking assault last year . another man involved , david thomas , 28 , is awaiting sentencing while another defendant jennifer pratt , 40 , is awaiting trial .
jack nicklaus added another magic moment to his storied career at augusta national in the par-3 contest . the greatest golfer of all time saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the hole . camilo villegas followed nicklaus with an ace on the fourth and also managed one on the eighth .
jamar nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn. One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire. suing la for millions.
robert bates , 73 , is accused of fatally shooting eric harris , a man he says he meant to subdue with a taser . the judge granted bates permission to go to the bahamas for a family vacation . `` we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , '' the family of harris said .
stephen curry eclipsed his own nba record for most 3-pointers in a season , scoring 45 points to rally the golden state warriors to a 116-105 victory over the portland trail blazers on thursday night . curry entered the game four shy of his mark of 272 three-pointers , which he set two years ago in the season finale at portland . lamarcus aldridge had 27 points and six rebounds , and damian lillard added 20 points and eight assists for the blazer . elsewhere , pau gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds and chicago bulls easily wiped out a 19-point halftime deficit to deal a huge blow to m
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter . the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and has now revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach . ` if you see the tiger , it 's too late . you 're food , ` he wrote next to the instagram post .
liverpool players mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic got more than they bargained for when youtube star bas van velzen arrived at melwood . the merseysiders were led to believe that the dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the anfield stars and receive a dead-ball masterclass . after a few rounds of action , however , it became clear that they were not dealing with a regular fan .
australian prime minister tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer . anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze . a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney said mr abbott should be advocating against binge drinking . dr robert warned people can forget their limits when they are wrapped up in the act of demonstrating how much , or how quickly , they can drink .
carriers of the brca1 gene , like hollywood star angelina jolie , can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed . the procedure is known as an oophorectomy . the study found a 65 per cent reduction in death from all causes associated with the procedure .
more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by gov. mike pence , there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county . that 's up from 106 last week and could put pressure on pence to extend the 30-day program . since pence approved the temporary needle exchange , 5,322 clean syringes have been provided to 86 participants .
police in north carolina say a married couple is dead after an amtrak train hit them on easter morning as they lingered on the tracks . derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were hit shortly before 10 am on sunday in durham by a train heading north . amtrak spokesman marc magliari said train no. 80 was headed from charlotte to new york city when the accident occurred . the train continued on its route after a delay of about two hours and 45 minutes .
saskia 's football fan boyfriend made her take an arsenal test and did n't dump her thanks to her a grade . the test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions , tables to complete , and a ` in your own words ... ` section . s saskia scored an impressive 87 per cent , but according to her unnamed boyfriend 's feedback she could have performed better on q17 .
carlos toro worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia fearing for his life . toro came to the united states and eventually began working for the dea as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates . information provided by toro aided in the prosecution of cocaine overlord carlos lehder and former panamanian dictator manuel noriega .
former all black mils muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault . the 34-year-old full back was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the european challenge cup . he had come off injured during connacht 's 14-7 defeat at gloucester last night when he was approached by police . he is accused of assaulting the woman in a crowded bar in the brewery quarter of cardiff city centre after connacht played against cardiff blues last month .
the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new ' . sucks ` domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations . so far , purchased names include youtube , bing , visa , yahoo , bankofamerica , telusmobility.sucks and other major brand names . the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers sent a letter on th thursday to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada 's office of consumer affairs to see if the actions of company vox populi registry ltd. were illegal .
a teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in india . the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in delhi 's safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns . she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan to relieve herself .
police exhumed the boy 's body from his grave in norfolk last year after the case came up for periodical review . a dna sample eventually led them to his mother who was arrested on suspicion of infanticide . the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends . she told officers how she had placed her dead baby in the pond before it was found by a group of teenagers .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday 's derby at old trafford but will have to do so without robin van persie . van persie said he was fit to feature in the game against city on sunday after ankle trouble but van gaal has ruled him out . united boss also ruled out a potential return for luke shaw .
kristopher hicks , now 27 , was on his way home from a night out in bath with his girlfriend in a taxi driven by michael young , 56 , five years ago . mr young mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to ` do a runner ` and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson . but when mmr hicks objected , the driver continued on for almost a mile , leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph . he suffered devastating brain injuries , developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother . his family , from bath , took driver m
Heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012. The study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county level. 1 in 5 high school girls binge drink. The cost of excessive drinking has been estimated at more than $ 220 billion per year.
a section of arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime barclays premier league clash in a protest against ticket prices . the protest came in the aftermath of the announcement of the premier league 's # 5.14 billion tv rights deal with banners held up inside and outside the ground . the cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were # 64 for the 12.45 pm kick off .
tornado sirens blared wednesday night in kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters . '' nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , '' said cnn severe weather expert chad myers . more storms are expected in the midwest and near the southern great lakes .
a newborn baby with a life-threatening liver condition has been saved after undergoing a transplant from her mother 's twin sister . star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born in barnsley , west yorkshire . after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked , her parents were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive . with neither parent a suitable match , her maternal aunt shanell reader offered part of her organ , and has since saved her niece 's life .
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday . the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago . machida is confident he can upset rockhold and earn himself a title shot .
eden hazard and three of his blues team-mates have been taking part in audi 's football challenge . hazard and nathan ake paired up to take on loic remy and willian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers . the chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range with hazard and ake securing the points with a 5-3 win .
this is the moment an aeroplane touched down on a runway without deploying its landing gear and skidded along the runway on its belly . captured in fort pierce , florida . the plane 's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact . somehow the engines stayed on and running and the pilot was able to regain control while leaving the airport .
prosecutors previously said that robert dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv . the crash killed 24-year-old amanda murphy , who was eight months pregnant , and her fiance jason timmons , 29 . during the first day of what is expected to be a two-day sentencing , the former executive at ppg industries inc told the court he has never been suicidal .
yaya toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season . manuel pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in toure but vows to back him . sportsmail revealed city will listen to offers for toure in the summer . sam allardyce has warned aaron cresswell not to make the same mistake as others amid interest from chelsea and manchester city .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son garnett-paul spears . she was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20 years in prison . the boy 's father chris hill lashed out on facebook just days after she was sentenced . he wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ` please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it . ` spears ` lawyer stephen riebling said she was innocent and blamed the hospital for negligence .
domenico rancadore was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra . in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence . today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn . although his conviction remains intact , italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed .
fears for two new strains of influenza will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores . stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket . the decision was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu .
ap mccoy 's mount in the grade one celebration chase at sandown on saturday . paul nicholls-trained mr mole is bracketed with irish raider special tiara . nicky henderson 's sprinter sacre will be ridden by cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville .
on t tuesday -- the 150th anniversary of john wilkes booth 's shooting of lincoln , although the president was pronounced dead the following day -- joan boatz and a group of former bridge club friends found the tomb 's iron door locked . illinois gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists . he would roll the agency into another department . the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month 's issue of national geographic magazine as having ` all the historical character of an office lobby '
virginia trimble ritter 's daughter , marcia , was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975 . marcia 's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and ritter 's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos . but last year she asked mickey miller , metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them . she says he tried to convince her not to see them , but she persisted and she viewed them on his laptop .
news that jnco , the brand responsible for the huge wideleg ` rave ` jeans , is set to make a comeback has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around . the return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion nineties and noughties trends that really should be left in the past . femail rounds up the worst offenders .
rory mcilroy has revealed how his final-round collapse at augusta national in 2011 was the most important day of his career . the 25-year-old is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after gene sarazen , ben hogan , gary player , jack nicklaus and tiger woods .
after the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky . in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice . 102-year-old alice barker went back in time with help from some filmmakers . a prom-posal that referenced bombs ? one school would n't have it , but the prom-poser accuses administrators of racism .
jurgen k klopp confirmed he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . the 47-year-old has been in charge at the westfalenstadion for seven years . it is understood that dortmund have no plans to make a move for klopp . k klopp is among the most highly-rated managers in european football .
serena williams beat sabine lisicki in three sets to progress to the semi-finals of the miami open . the world no 1 will face either sloane stephens or simona halep for a place in the final . andy murray was presented with a giant cake after winning his 500th match on wednesday .
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months . the actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater , experts have warned . research by the world health organisation suggests that at least one in 100 babies born in the uk could suffer learning and behavioural problems because of exposure to alcohol in the womb .
sabeen mahmud was shot dead at point-blank range late friday after she locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night . mahmud 's killing broke hearts beating for non-violence and progressive values across the country . `` she really , truly was a success story of the heart , '' said close friend and bbc journalist ziad zafar .
shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , was jailed for six years after his attempt to rob a store was foiled when he was jumped on by the shopkeeper and hit by his wife with a baseball bat . the masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant andrea brighty . he started shoplifting at the age of 12 and by 15 he had been arrested 80 times , and had convictions for aggravated vehicle-taking , sending indecent letters , and burglary .
around 100,000 people are classified as refugees in india 's only muslim-majority state . west pakistan refugees -LRB- wprs -RRB- have been denied citizenship rights for 70 years . they are unable to own property or vote in state elections . three generations of families have become stuck in poverty because of their refugee status .
four royal navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party at a canadian barracks must stay in nova scotia until they have been tried . bail was set at over # 2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadacona naval base in halifax . the four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault -- offences that are punishable by up to 14 years in prison .
fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto has admitted that he is still considering whether to join premier league leaders chelsea this summer . earlier this month club president naoki ogane claimed that the blues have made an offer - believed to be around # 4million - for the japan international . the 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will play regularly and realise his potential .
valerie jackson 's four-year-old son suffers netherton 's syndrome . the rare skin disease causes his skin to appear red and scaly . his mother has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out . but while out shopping recently , mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police . a member of the public had reported her to police for child abuse .
england must be free to pick his best players , no matter where in the world they ply their trade . if roy hodgson 's star names moved to bayern munich or barcelona , would the fa tell him not to pick them ? the same needs to apply to rugby . toulon 's steffon armitage came off the bench against leinster on sunday and turned the game on its head . nick abendanon has also become better since he crossed the channel .
transport for london -LRB- tfl -RRB- has revealed that the controversial posters around the london underground are being removed . the posters feature a bikini-clad model called renee somerfield . the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners . a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures . the advertising standards authority has also received more than 200 complaints .
developers at open garden have built a small device designed to make these off-the-grid networks stronger . called greenstone , the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon , or booster , to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily . it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple 's ios 7 called multipeer connectivity framework -LRB- mcf -RRB- that works over bluetooth . mcf lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network . however , there are limits to how far a message can travel in this way - at around 200ft -LRB- 61 metres -RRB- - and greenstone
first great western plans to almost double some fares on the route between london and the cotswolds - which passes through his witney constituency . david cameron has written to first great western to request it ` urgently reviews ` plans to increase fares on trains running through his constituency .
burlesque performer lillian bustle is attempting to eradicate all negativity surrounding the word ` fat ` by embracing it as an honest , body-positive description of her own physique . studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types , the more they like them . lillian hopes exposing her audience to a fuller figure will change their perceptions .
former soldier john young , 66 , has been left blinded in one eye after thugs through a brick at him through his front door when he confronted them about throwing stones at his property in oldham . mr young was hit in the face with a brick hurled into his home by vandalising yobs . he suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye and was taken to hospital but doctors could not save his eyesight . the attack occurred just three weeks after the couple got married and they were writing thank you cards for the wedding gifts they had received when their home was targeted .
theo walcott has been named on arsenal 's substitutes ` bench for 17 of their 33 barclays premier league games . the 26-year-old came on for the last six minutes of his side 's goalless draw with chelsea on sunday . walcott will be hoping to make his first arsenal start since their 3-0 win over west ham on march 14 when the gunners face hull on monday .
derbyshire wicketkeeper tom poynton has signed a new one-year contract extension . the 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father keith died last april . he made his playing comeback during derbyshire 's pre-season tour of abu dhabi .
the collection was created by legendary make-up effects artist rick baker . the collection from baker 's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746,100 . some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time .
A passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint. In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion. as the bus slows to a stop at a set of traffic lights he moves his head to get a good look at one of the pages. Coachlines boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the driver's actions.
harley renshaw has been told he is cancer-free after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year . he was diagnosed with neuroblastoma - a rare and aggressive childhood cancer which affects fewer than 100 children in the uk . he donned a superhero costume during his radiotherapy treatment to help him feel brave . his bravery caught the attention of doctors in the hospital and he was awarded one of cancer research uk 's little star awards . he has also become the face of the charity 's kids and teens campaign , which aims to raise funds for research into child cancers .
carwyn scott-howell was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop . footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body , investigators revealed last night . they also described how the boy 's mother cari , 44 , desperately tried to find her missing son . in a moving tribute , carwyn 's family described how he made life full of laughter with never a dull moment .
jack grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career rather than his international future , according to tim sherwood . sherwood has been impressed with the 19-year-old who starred for villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday . grealish is expected to choose between ireland and england at the end of the season and sportsmail understands that he is split between the two countries .
laura scurr has spoken out about her two-year fight with anorexia . the 15-year-old from whitley bay was left on a heart machine after she collapsed through starvation but has now spoken about pressures put on teenagers to be a size zero . laura became so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed and lie to her mother about eating .
website the richest has compiled a list of the most expensive airports for landing fees based on the 767-400 aircraft . the most expensive airport is haneda airport in tokyo , japan , where planes are charged a whopping # 4,559 -LRB- $ 6,850 -RRB- just for the privilege of landing . dublin airport in dublin , ireland and laguardia airport in new york also feature in the top 10 .
raheem sterling was told in no uncertain terms by liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer on the day he was parading the club 's new home kit at anfield . sterling , daniel sturridge , martin skrtel and simon mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans in the centenary stand on friday afternoon . the new gingham design is the first offering from us sports brand new balance who struck a record-breaking # 300million kit deal to replace sister company warrior as liverpool 's suppliers .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . it is the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history . the first two of the three fights between the sugar man and hands of stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing .
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map . it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . red here shows more dark matter , and blue shows less . the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . to date the video of cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times . some viewers have deemed the scene ` cute'and ` hilarious ` while others have criticized gallego for feeding her pups the creamy treat .
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with royal mouscron-peruwelz . the belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer . they are currently 13th in belgium 's pro league , two points above the relegation places .
starbucks announced late friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the us and canada has now been resolved . the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ` business as usual 's saturday . the company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 store in the us and 1,000 in canada . it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast .
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean. The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s. This includes a growing number of women who are very anxious about giving birth naturally. Experts say this figure should ideally be between just 10 per cent and 15 per cent.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history . here , sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring , ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2 .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , it has emerged . incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 . two of the 7/7 bombers were photographed white water rafting at the national whitewater centre in bala , north wales .
manchester united have ramped up their efforts to sign psv eindhoven star memphis depay by making an official approach for the 21-year-old . united manager louis van gaal keen to make depay one of his first signings this summer . depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season . the winger was named in holland 's 23-man world cup squad last year as holland finished third in brazil .
an omura 's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa . it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia . the whale has a sleek body shape and several unique skeletal features . it has 53 vertebrae and four digits on each pectoral fin .
chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west london after a strong showing in manchester to see off city 's young side . dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline after a tammy abraham double had seen chelsea take a first half lead . sportsmail was at the academy stadium to see how the youngsters got on .
cheryl rios , the ceo of go ape marketing in texas , says she does n't support hillary clinton as president . she says a woman 's hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war . rios has taken a lot of flak for her '' biblically '' inspired beliefs .
presidential candidate spoke to cbs 's face the nation after admitting in an interview he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he did n't agree with the decision . the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman .
veteran actor robert hardy is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . the 89-year-old is a keen military historian who studied english with j.r. tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow . he is also selling paintings , furniture , swords , flintlock rifles , silverware and a fine collection of crystal chandeliers . a total of 238 lots are being sold by dominic winter auctioneers at its saleroom in south cerney , gloucestershire on s saturday .
spanish pablo mandado and latvian ilze zebolde have no plans , no agenda , no cause to fight for and they are certainly in no hurry -- the couple simply has a dream to discover different parts of this planet a pedal at a time . in 356 days so far they 've covered almost 7,000 miles -LRB- 11,131.92 km by their measurements -RRB- and been through 16 countries . usually they pitch a tent under the stars and camp -LRB- 161 nights of the 256 -RRB- but also use hosting websites such as couchsurfing and warmshowers .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother sandra shemanski . the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check . neighbors said his mother may have been the one preventing him from making the meeting with his son . his estranged wife is reportedly preparing to protect himself on the chance he arrives at her home .
a couple from texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event . the couple was n't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride 's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party . james evans who runs premiere photo allegedly did n't apologize for the racial slur and told the couple to ` sue ` him .
eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships . the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council . the council decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a ` unique strategic opportunity ' the city failed in its bid to host 2019 event which was instead awarded to doha .
england full back mike brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for club side harlequins . northampton wing george north has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions . ireland 's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end . care assistant used her good looks to befriend the poker player who showered her with gifts and trips to fancy restaurants . after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings . granger was found guilty of mr hassan 's manslaughter by a majority - but
research has revealed that the frequency with which britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet . professor david spiegelhalter revealed in a new book how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month . this was compared to four times a year in 2000 and five times a week in 1990 .
cesc fabregas was one of the worst players on the pitch again in spain 's 2-0 defeat by holland on t tuesday . the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week but his form has significantly dipped from that of the player who , around christmas , looked a dead-cert to break the barclays premier league record for assists . with nine games to play chelsea are still to face six opponents who their key man in midfield has laid on goals against .
just a year ago tibetan mastiffs could command prices of up to # 1.2 million each . the dogs ` dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown . it is also thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50 kg in several chinese cities has had a huge impact on the breed 's popularity .
premier league outfit west ham are closing in on the signature of jamaican starlet deshane beckford . the 17-year-old forward from montego bay united was invited to train with west ham 's academy earlier this month and has impressed coaches . west ham have revealed season tickets at the olympic stadium will cost as little as # 289 .
 james robarge, 45, of vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife kelly robarge, 42. kelly had filed for divorce after 24 years of marriage on june 27, 2013 -- the day she disappeared from her charlestown, new hampshire, home and her body was later found. The judge said he took into account the extent to which robarge went to conceal his wife's killing and body as well as the couple's history of domestic violence.
every woman surveyed in paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city 's public transport . half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old . poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains .
police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place . the victim , mike lane , 40 , was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes . wiltshire police confirmed they had stopped the investigation pending further information . their failure to identify , charge or prosecute anyone involved has dismayed hunt supporters .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix . they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . these include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve with their forget me lock prototype . another group designed nipper - the world 's smallest mobile phone charger . you can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product funded through a kickstarter campaign .
kilmarnock interim manager gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal . locke joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer but took control of the team when his ex-tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of february . the 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over at rugby park .
michelle filkins, 44, of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $ 250, and malicious destruction of property. she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17. a construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw filkins outside with items from the home.
french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean. The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities. One venezuelan and two spanish citizens were arrested.
vera baird donated # 500,000 to victims first northumbria charity . charity supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director . sitting alongside her on the organisation 's top table is sue sim , chief constable . pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting a ` soap opera ' within the force .
adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation . gadahn was known as the american mouthpiece of al qaeda , speaking against his native country . he rose through the ranks in the tribal areas of pakistan , becoming its chief official english-language propagandist .
martin skrtel has praised the impact steven gerrard has had upon him since arriving at anfield in 2008 . martin believes liverpool can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing him . liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . should liverpool emerge victorious against villa , g errard will sign off his anfield career in the final .
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threaten to remove kindergartner logan from class because the oils smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him . the family uses detorra oils with scents such as lavender , chamomile and sandalwood . lake county school district told the station they would not suspend logan saying it was a health issue .
a third of men have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to wash their own car . three quarters of women never wash their car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt . factors behind decline include shops now opening on a sunday and more live football on tv . rise of hand car washes and the fact that 4x4 and off-road vehicles are too large to clean .
ninety condos on the beach in westhampton were obliterated by flames on wednesday afternoon . smoke poured toward the ocean and could be seen from three miles away as 12 fire crews tried to control the flames . it is not known what started the blaze which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings . the sandpiper complex is open between may and november and is used as a holiday home by residents .
102-year-old alice barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar . there were motion pictures made of barker , but she had never seen any of them . her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years .
the queen , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park aboard her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma . the queen eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves and is reportedly reluctant to wear one because of her hair . the monarch is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a shetland pony , named peggy .
two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3 . the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame and the men were charged with animal cruelty .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama during a row in front of their north brisbane homes . mr yeaman was reportedly in his yard on muller road making a lot of noise at around 9 pm th thursday night . pama then confronted mr yeaman and it was at that point the situation escalated . the married father of three was granted conditional bail on friday .
the university of michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film '' american sniper '' despite objections from some students . more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie . some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region .
yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old damian vanya after he ended their relationship . police set up a sting operation sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with the teacher . a hidden camera filmed the exchange where the teacher said she wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she ` finished ` him .
the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends . there 's something effortless about a wide leg that really appeals . gucci revisited the seventies with a collection filled with flared jeans in vintage washes . celine showcased colourful billowing bottoms on their ss15 runway .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has revealed that he talks to god every day , but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife . the 52-year-old father-of-two said he only prays for things in his personal life , never about the game . the former real madrid manager said that he tries his best to separate his professional and family life .
england flanker james haskell dressed in iron man costume and posted it on his instagram page . the london wasps captain returned to wasps for the 2012 season after spells with stade francais , ricoh black rams and highlanders in new zealand . windsor-born haskell first joined wasps in 2002 playing eight seasons for the club and winning his first england cap five years later .
bob barker hosted the tv game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 . looking spry at 91 , barker handled the first price-guessing game of the show before turning hosting duties over to carey . despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years , barker did n't seem to miss a beat .
amateur jockey lee lewis ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton . the 18-year-old has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal . ferguson 's spectacular double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
agent arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30 am on friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. by the metropolitan police . he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property . the agency revoked baldwin 's security clearance and put him on leave in light of the arrest .
pablo osvaldo has urged italian legends andrea pirlo and francisco totti to move continents and join him at argentinian giants boca juniors . the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton and has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games . ` the bombonera would go absolutely crazy for players like them . '
fearless atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance . mr saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames . unfortunately the clicking sound of the camera 's shutter alerted the lion to the hunter 's presence .
dani alves looks set to leave barcelona this summer after his representative confirmed the brazilian right-back had rejected the club 's final contract offer . alves has enjoyed seven successful years at barcelona winning four spanish titles and the champions league twice . the 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club and will leave the nou camp this summer .
nypd has released images of a heart tattoo with the name ` monique ` found on an unnamed woman who died in brooklyn last month . the unnamed woman was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brookslyn . paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening .
a suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan . an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests was among the 64 people wounded . taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack . no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
a new zealand couple needed a home upon returning home after living in the uk so they built one on the back of an old flatbed truck . hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love . the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson .
diana is the favourite name for the second royal baby , name after williams mother - the late princess of wales . alice and charlotte were next in terms of preference , getting nine per cent of the vote each . if the child is a boy then 13 per cent would like him to be called james , with the second favourite name being alexander .
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim . the findings come after the general secretary of the national association of head teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-it classes . however , research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices .
nina moric posted several photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her instagram account which has more than 40,000 users . italian media reported that ms moric tried to take her own life and was found by her mother in the luxury apartment she shares with her boyfriend in milan . the model who appeared in the video for ricky martin 's hit song la vida loco has told followers she did not try to kill herself .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters . the heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground in the hunt for food .
residents of new south wales who are already reeling from last week 's wild weather are being warned to brace for more floods and damage . meteorologists say early indicators show that an east coast low -- the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week -- could hit the region . the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed .
tire changer todd phillips was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana on sunday . dracone had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel and spun while exiting his put box . phillip was taken to the infield care center where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
russia are on the brink of making the fed cup final with a 2-0 lead after anastasia pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat germany 's sabine lisicki . svetlana kuznetsova had earlier beaten julia goerges in straight sets in the opening rubber . russia need one win from sunday 's three matches to reach the final and bag a first fed cup title since 2008 .
sickening video captured on security cameras shows crazed milton vieira severiano dragging the limp body of dancer cicera alves de sena into the garden of their apartment in the city of rio de janeiro in eastern brazil . he then grabs her by the hair and savagely slams the back of her head into the concrete 11 times before viciously punching her in the face another 10 times . leaving the battered and unconscious dancer on the ground he goes into the house and returns with a handgun , shooting her five times at pointblank range . severiano later confessed that he 'd carried out the brutal act ` because he was jealous of men looking at
bobbi kristina brown has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' her grandmother says . '' meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me , '' cissy houston says . a source with knowledge of brown 's condition tells cnn that she remains in the same neurological state .
journalist and author of the best-selling book i quit sugar has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness . during a candid interview sarah wilson explained how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she could n't see the point of continuing . one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime .
jack grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field for aston villa . the ireland under 21 international wears children 's shinpads - and says is n't about to change . his first league start for the club came in the pulsating 3-3 draw against qpr on t tuesday .
elena curtin of portland was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 . she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin was ` completely justified in her outrage ` curtin 's defense attorney said the ex-girlfriend was jealous and bitter that the boyfriend was in a relationship with his client .
the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak . five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital . more than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control . the plant was hit by another explosion in july 2013 , although there were no reports of casualties or toxic leaks at the time .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats . but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable . she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana . he told jurors that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest . he is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government .
anyone trying to access the bank 's page for the young entrepreneur awards - which has since been shut down - was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex . the porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration to retire . hsbc yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake .
california-based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . after a brief moment of stillness , the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot .
a 13-year-old maryland boy provided firefighters with instructions during a 911 call and got himself and his little sister rescued after his family 's home caught fire on sunday morning . marcus and his nine - year-old sister aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in clinton . the boy called 911 shortly before 7 am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped because it was too hot to get out through the hallway .
mohammed abu khdeir 's name appeared this week on the wall at jerusalem 's mount herzl . the 16-year-old was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july , according to prosecutors . the teen 's family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall .
amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up australia 's east coast . the images were taken in jervis bay which is in the south coast of new south wales . a similar display was shown in sydney 's manly beach back in august 2014 . the glow is caused by noctiluca scintillans which is a single celled phytoplankton - the algae of the sea .
bolton-born boxer amir khan enjoyed a day a safari park with his family in northern california . the 28-year-old was joined by his wife faryal makhdoom khan as well as his daughter lamysa as they all enjoyed some time off . khan has announced he will fight former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri on may 30 .
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests . tests pinpoint genetic ` markers ` in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness . women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning . test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy .
bondi 's icebergs club pool was drained on thursday to create a unique catwalk for mercedes-benz fashion week australia . ten pieces is headed up by icebergs restaurateur maurice terzini and his partner lucy hinckfuss . the lifestyle brand produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces . the collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways and are suitable for day to night wear .
more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships because of pregnancy . one ship - hms ocean -- even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency medevacs . ministry of defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict ` no touching ` rule in place at sea . this suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave .
tom o'carroll is a former open university information officer and formerly a key activist for pie . he attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation . the organisation is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ` independent press standards organisation .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house . the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear power plant . the drone was equipped with a small camera , smoke flares and a bottle containing small traces of cesium .
five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . the pint-sized player scored a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs . his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china .
lu xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day . his mother suffers from alzheimer 's and used to get lost when she was left alone . he ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure that she does not fall off .
A lost iphone was reunited with its owner after police posted a series of bizarre photos on the woman's facebook page in a bid to track her down. the phone belonged to bella crooke from melbourne who lost it at a friend's birthday party on saturday night. officers from albury police station on the nsw-victoria border posted selfies on a woman ''s facebook page saying she could come and collect her phone after it was handed in on sunday morning. bella has since put a password on her phone.
A woman was arrested in china after apparently dumping her newborn baby in a rubbish bin in a fast-food restaurant. staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies'toilet of a burger bar in chengdu, sichuan province. workers who found the baby, who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta, called the police and ambulance. 
A five-day old baby hippopotamus was thrown into the air as it was mauled to death after getting caught up in a fight between two adults in eastern south africa. The mother of the calf watched in horror as one of the brawling adults grabbed the calf between its jaws.
One man has curated a spooky collection of nine old dolls which he claims each have their own personalities. Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection... and he's on the hunt for more to add. His favourite doll is annabel who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned.
A three-bedroom apartment in one of the most expensive areas to live in britain has been put on the market for just  575,000. But the property comes with a catch - it has just three years left on the lease. If any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of  6 million. 
