index: 333


hash: 3d9637bba602385a7a6817c271ae91956cdf14a2


#article: 
she might be approaching her 89th birthday but nothing was going to stop the queen from enjoying a ride in the spring sunshine this morning .
the monarch , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park aboard her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma .
joined by a groom on another of her fell ponies , the queen cut a relaxed figure as she enjoyed her ride but , as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves .
enjoying the sunshine : the queen enjoys a ride on her fell pony carltonlima emma
the queen , who has never worn riding helmets , has been encouraged to wear the safety hats in the past but is reportedly reluctant to wear one because of her hair .
speaking in an interview last year , her racing trainer ian balding recalled the moment he asked why the monarch never wears a riding hat .
the queen is said to have replied : ` i never have and you do n't have to have your hair done like i do . '
her majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a shetland pony , named peggy , aged four .
since then , the royal stables have been home to a succession of steeds , among them betsy , a black farm-bred horse who was her mount of choice in the 50 's , and surprise , a grey gelding whom the queen famously galloped down the course at ascot in 1961 .
equine enthusiast : her majesty adores the ponies and breeds them at hampton court
no helmet : the queen never wears a riding helmet , preferring instead to ride in a silk headscarf
cutting back : she has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury
long term love : the queen has ridden all her life and continues to breed several breeds of horse and pony
recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over trooping the colour on horseback .
nevertheless , the queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her windsor stables .
she is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably prince edward 's children , lady louise and james , viscount severn .
along with her thoroughbred race horses , the queen also breeds fell ponies and has a stud specialising in highland ponies at balmoral .
first love : the queen 's first pony was a tiny shetland named peggy who was given to her at the age of four
familiar sight : the queen riding her much-loved horse burmese during trooping the colour
seal of approval : a fell pony foal similar to those being bred by the queen at hampton court
one of the oldest equine breeds on the planet , fell ponies like the queen 's mount carltonlima emma , have roamed the moors of cumbria since the neolithic period .
docile , hardy and thick-set , the majority of fell ponies are black , grey or bay and measure between 13 and 14hh .
highly prized by the carvetii , the iron age tribe who occupied the region more than two millennia ago , the ponies later caught the eye of the invading romans and were used as trade goods all over the empire .
the romans also helped develop the breed into the relatively large animal it is today .
originally thought to have stood around 12hh tall ( similar to dartmoor and exmoor ponies ) , by the end of the roman period , the average fell was more than a hand higher .
another invader to fall in love with the fell pony was the vikings , who used the animals as pack ponies ; a use continued by the normans .
by the 13th century , the fell 's usefulness as a pack animal was well-established and the pony played an important role in british trade until the end of the 18th century .
following the industrial revolution , fells were used to transport iron ore and coal from mine to town , as well as underground when the height of the shaft allowed .
although previously used in trotting races , the fell pony really came into its as a riding horse in the 1950s , when its gentle nature and pretty looks made it the pony of choice for families .
today , the pony remains a popular choice for riders of all ages , among them the queen who breeds fell ponies at her hampton court stud .
source : the fell pony society

#reference: 
the queen was spotted enjoying a ride in windsor great park today
rode her favourite fell pony , a mare named carltonlima emma
left hard hats at home and opted for one of her favourite scarves instead


#decode: 
the monarch , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park aboard her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma .
her majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a shetland pony , named peggy , aged four .
first love : the queen 's first pony was a tiny shetland named peggy who was given to her at the age of four
