index: 1498


hash: d654adaf5fa71ee219ca017fc22b8c32a37d480a


#article: 
mourinho with his wife matilde faria at the 2014 victoria 's secret fashion show in london
chelsea football manager jose mourinho has revealed that he talks to god every day , but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife .
the father-of-two said that he and his family ` know about poverty ' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger .
the 52-year-old football manager said that he tries his best to separate his professional and his family life .
speaking to the daily telegraph , mourinho admitted that he has a strong faith in god .
` i believe totally , clearly .
every day i pray ; every day i speak with him .
i do n't go to the church every day , not even every week .
i go when i feel i need to .
and when i 'm in portugal , i always go . '
the former real madrid manager said he only prays for things in is personal life , never about chelsea .
` i can say the reality is i never go to the church to speak with him about football .
despite his intensely arrogant persona on the sideline , mourinho claims that he is a good person .
and i think i am .
i do n't have problems with family or friends .
i am a good family person ; i am a good friend .
i try to support people that i do n't even know .
` do i make mistakes ?
my professional area is not only very competitive -- it is competitive and emotional and [ you must ] push people for a certain kind of behaviour -- absolutely , yes .
but the professional life is only part of a person ; a person is much more than that . '
chelsea are currently top of the league and are playing struggling qpr this weekend .
earlier this season , mourinho was fined £ 25,000 by football authorities for claiming there was a ` campaign ' against chelsea after cesc fabregas was booked for diving against southampton .
mourinho , with his wife and children at the hunger games premiere , said he only prays for things in his personal life , never about football
mourinho 's son , jose mario , celebrates chelsea 's capital one cup victory with some of the players this year
the 52-year-old father-of-two said that he prays every day but only goes to church regularly in portugal

#reference: 
jose mourinho said he is proud to work with underprivileged people
he claimed that he never discusses footballing issues with his wife
in a wide-ranging interview he said he is a deeply religious person
he also claims that he is essentially a ` very good person ' despite his antics


#decode: 
mourinho with his wife matilde faria at the 2014 victoria 's secret fashion show in london
chelsea football manager jose mourinho has revealed that he talks to god every day , but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife .
the father-of-two said that he and his family ` know about poverty ' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger .
