index: 809


hash: 678404fda42203abe87a7182e5c32f96d29e2a2b


#article: 
police in north carolina say a married couple is dead after an amtrak train hit them on easter morning as they lingered on the tracks .
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were hit shortly before 10 am on sunday in durham by a train heading north .
amtrak spokesman marc magliari said train no. 80 , the carolinian , was headed from charlotte to new york city when the accident occurred on property owned by norfolk-southern .
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were struck and killed by an amtrak train shortly before 10 am on easter sunday in durham , north carolina
authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured , although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment
the lowes were both pronounced dead at the scene , wral reported .
the train continued on its route after a delay of about two hours and 45 minutes , according to magliari .
authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured , although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment .
a man who met the pair while collecting scrap metal said they may have lived in a homeless camp , abc 11 reported .
james thompson said : ` the last encounter i had with the man and woman was they had a grocery cart and they had a few items in it .
` they asked me would i use my truck to go over there because crossing the railroad tracks was so bad , and so hard with the cart .
after the accident occurred , the train was delayed for almost three hours before continuing on its way
` they 'll come up to me and want me to give them a little something .
` when you see a person that 's in dire straits , be kind to them .
` do n't condemn them .
they 've got a heart . '
durham is located about 25 miles northwest of the train 's next destination , raleigh .
the trip from charlotte to new york city usually takes about 13 hours and 30 minutes .

#reference: 
accident happened just before 10 am on sunday in durham , north carolina
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were pronounced dead at the scene
northbound train struck pair on property owned by norfolk-southern
train no. 80 , the carolinian , was headed from charlotte to new york city
trip continued after about three-hour delay and no passengers were hurt
man who met pair while collecting scrap metal said they were homeless


#decode: 
police in north carolina say a married couple is dead after an amtrak train hit them on easter morning as they lingered on the tracks .
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were hit shortly before 10 am on sunday in durham by a train heading north .
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were struck and killed by an amtrak train shortly before 10 am on easter sunday in durham , north carolina
