index: 5476


hash: 5d0dcb9a68e584e66dd8a555a38b30081de5c63f


#article: 
( cnn ) bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has " global and irreversible brain damage , " according to her grandmother .
though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive , cissy houston said in a statement monday after visiting her granddaughter .
" meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me , " houston said .
" we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time . "
houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .
she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices , and her eyes do not follow a person around the room , the source told cnn .
she also has a tracheostomy in her throat , the source said .
the reports come two days after brown 's father , bobby brown , said his daughter 's condition had improved .
" i can say today , bobbi is awake .
she 's watching me , " brown told the audience at dallas ' verizon theatre .
in a statement monday , an attorney for the brown family said that bobbi kristina brown 's condition has improved but that the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen .
" doctors have indicated that she will have a long life , " attorney christopher brown said .
" however , bobbi kristina is presently embarking on a rehabilitation process , and the quality of her life will not be known for years to come . "
who 's who in the bobbi kristina brown case ?
bobby brown was in an " emotional state " on stage when he made the remarks about his daughter being awake , according to the statement .
" she has made it out of icu , opened her eyes and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard , " said bobby brown 's wife , alicia etheredge-brown .

#reference: 
bobbi kristina brown has " global and irreversible " brain damage , her grandmother says
" we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time , " cissy houston says
bobby brown , her father , had said at a concert that she was " awake "


#decode: 
( cnn ) bobbi kristina brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has " global and irreversible brain damage , " according to her grandmother .
houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .
in a statement monday , an attorney for the brown family said that bobbi kristina brown 's condition has improved but that the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen .
