index: 8612


hash: a534d453e793f252a5ef42d6eda0989b1df15c94


#article: 
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic ` markers '
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic ` markers ' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness .
after surgery , the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened , and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning .
for some women , the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy .
the majority of women who have breast cancer are routinely given the gruelling drug treatment following removal of the tumour to prevent recurrence .
although the medication kills off cancer cells , the side effects -- including complete hair loss , nausea , sickness , weight gain or loss , and extreme fatigue -- can be difficult to live with .
for some women , the prospect of chemotherapy is more daunting than the surgery itself .
but experts have long-believed that the risk of cancer recurrence for certain women is a lot less than for others , and that for some , chemotherapy may not be necessary .
if the newest of the tests , called endopredict , shows a low score , patients can opt not to have chemotherapy .
most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £ 2,500 , although breast specialists hope they may soon become properly available on the nhs .
surgeon hemant singhal said : ` i think there is a good case for the nhs to use this test on the basis that the cost is balanced out by savings in not giving chemotherapy . '
professor kefah mokbel , consultant breast surgeon at st george 's hospital , london , said : ` with this test we can help patients make an informed choice , whereas in the past we have just given chemotherapy to almost everyone . '
becca cornford , a 49-year-old mother of three aged 11 , six and four , was recovering from being diagnosed and treated for breast cancer last year only to then discover that she had cancer in her other breast .
the majority of women who have breast cancer are routinely given the gruelling drug treatment following removal of the tumour to prevent recurrence
she said : ` i dreaded chemo more than another mastectomy .
i was worried it would interfere with me being able to look after my children . '
professor mokbel operated on becca in december at the princess grace hospital , london , and afterwards a sample of her tumour was sent away and tested using the endopredict .
a low score meant her chances of recurrence within ten years were just five per cent and she was told chemotherapy could not offer much better odds .
` i could have gone through chemo and the cancer could still return , ' she says .
` there is no treatment that places your chances at zero .
but if you have regular monitoring , there is every chance that any cancer that might come back would be nipped in the bud early . '

#reference: 
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests
tests pinpoint genetic ` markers ' in tumour and determine aggressiveness
they are available privately for £ 2,500 and may be rolled out soon on nhs
women told within days whether they have a high risk of disease returning


#decode: 
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic ` markers '
after surgery , the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened , and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning .
for some women , the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy .
