index: 129


hash: 328038379b62820b80d564f58587cc3f407642c8


#article: 
at the grand old age of 75 , jack nicklaus is still capable of hitting aces .
the golden bear added another magic moment to his storied career at augusta national in the par-3 contest .
stepping up to the tee on the 130-yard fourth , the greatest golfer of all time saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the hole .
jack nicklaus gave the crowd something to cheer with a hole in one on the fourth during the par-3 contest
nicklaus holds up his ball to an adoring crowd as gary player ( left ) and ben crenshaw salute the great
crenshaw and nicklaus fist pump following his ace on the 130-yard hole at augusta national
nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw as the first roar of masters week filled the skies in a sunswept georgia .
` i had an interview this morning , and i said " well , all i 've got to do is go out and win the par-3 and make a hole and one " , and i make a hole in one , ' nicklaus said afterwards .
the ace was nicklaus ' first on the hallowed turf of augusta , but the veteran saw his achievement eclipsed by that of camilo villegas on a day which saw five hole-in-ones , levelling the record from 2002 .
the colombian followed nicklaus with an ace on the fourth and also managed one on the eighth , but he could n't quite land the title , losing out to world no 74 kevin streelman in a play-off .
nicklaus became the youngest person to wear a green jacket in 1963 , and collected his sixth in 1986 .
he is one of five men to complete the career grand slam , an accolade which favourite rory mcilroy can achieve if he wins his third major in succession .

#reference: 
nicklaus , a six-time winner at augusta , added another glorious moment to his glittering masters career with an ace on the fourth
the 75-year-old saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the cup
the crowd roared in celebration with several players stopping their round to cheer the golden bear
colombian camilo villegas later eclipsed nicklaus ' achievement , hitting two aces during his round
villegas was beaten in a play-off by world no 74 kevin streelman


#decode: 
the golden bear added another magic moment to his storied career at augusta national in the par-3 contest .
jack nicklaus gave the crowd something to cheer with a hole in one on the fourth during the par-3 contest
nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw as the first roar of masters week filled the skies in a sunswept georgia .
