index: 3314


hash: f5d8cc3ffdb933628f3c8721812248dbf7cdc2b2


#article: 
a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .
in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .
but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
sentence dropped : domenico rancadore ( right and left ) fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a ` man of honour '
although his conviction remains intact , italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed .
the case will still have to be heard by the italian supreme court , according to the crown prosecution service ( cps ) .
rancadore 's solicitor , karen todner said : ` yesterday the italian court of appeal agreed to extinguish the conviction of domenico rancadore on the basis that the conviction is too old to sustain a prison sentence .
` i am therefore confident that the italian government will now withdraw their application for a european arrest warrant and that mr rancadore will be discharged from these proceedings .
` there has been a long and unhappy history of these proceedings and i am delighted mr rancadore will now be able to live in peace in england with his wife and family . '
ms todner said she was waiting for the cps to sign a consent order so that the court could discharge rancadore .
once the paperwork is in order , the matter will be listed at westminster magistrates ' court in london and a judge will then have to approve it .
the italian mobster does not have to be present when the matter is dealt with in court .
domenico rancadore , pictured with hiswife ann last year , will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence dropped
rancadore was first arrested on a european arrest warrant at his semi-detached london home in august 2013 .
although he was never convicted of murder , the italian authorities wanted him to be returned to the country after he fled in 1995 .
known as the professor , rancadore was tried in absentia and handed a seven-year prison term for his ` mafia association ' .
he was convicted for his role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders in palermo .
during protracted extradition proceedings at westminster magistrates ' court , district judge howard riddle reversed his initial decision over concerns that italian prison conditions would breach his human rights because he has a serious heart condition .
in his judgment , judge riddle said : ` i am satisfied that , even without the assurance , there is no real risk that by returning this defendant to italy he will suffer inhuman or degrading treatment . '
before his arrest in 2013 , the mafia don spent two decades living under the name of marc skinner with his family in a house surrounded by a fence and large hedge , obscured from view .
he claimed he had changed his name to escape the notoriety associated with his father , giuseppe .
rancadore 's father was imprisoned in 1987 as part of the maxi trial which saw 475 mafiosi indicted .
before his arrest in 2013 , rancadore spent two decades living under the name of marc skinner with his family in a house in uxbridge
there was an angry reaction from legal experts to the amount of time and money that had gone into rancadore 's case .
extradition expert edward grange tweeted : ` what a waste of time and money .
after two sets of proceedings , italy no longer seeks extradition of rancadore . '
mr grange , who is vice-chair of the extradition lawyers ' association , said : ` the purpose of the extradition request was for rancadore to be returned in order to serve a sentence of imprisonment .
` it transpires that as of october last year the italians could not actually legally enforce that sentence .
` so certainly from october onwards you would have thought that there would have been some communication from the italian authorities saying : " hang on , we may have a problem here and we may not be able to continue with the extradition request " .
` courts proceed on the basis of mutual trust and recognition , that is what we are told throughout in relation to the extradition and european arrest warrant scheme .
` it is something that is designed to be swift and quick and courts are supposed to trust what courts in the requesting state are saying .
` had the italians said in october we can not legally enforce this sentence and we therefore have to withdraw the european arrest warrant , i 'm sure our court would have encouraged them to do so as quickly as possible . '
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra
asked about the costs of this kind of extradition process , mr grange said they were likely to be in the ` single-figure thousands rather than anything dramatic ' .
barrister philip marshall qc said : ` yet more incompetence by the cps in the rancadore case ( allegedly ) : his seven-year prison sentence expired in october 2014 . '
there was no answer when reporters knocked on the door of rancadore 's home in manor way , uxbridge , london today .
curtains were closed in all of the windows of the semi-detached house and a mercedes car was parked on the driveway .
one neighbour claimed she was pleased it appeared he was not being extradited because ` you never know who will move in ' .
she went on : ` he seems a nice chap and it happened a long time ago . '
the neighbour said she last saw rancadore around two weeks ago and he appeared to be suffering from ill-health .
a court sketch of domenico rancadore .
today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn
sharon walker , who also lives nearby , said : ` they were a normal couple before and i 'm sure they will go back to being a normal couple .
` they are very quiet .
i would not have said they are the most notorious couple in the street .
also known as cosa nostra , which translates as ` our thing ' , the mafia emerged in sicily in the mid 19th century and is best described as a loose association of criminal groups sharing a common organisational structure and code of conduct .
groups , often known as families or clans , will claim leadership of an area , usually a town or village , and operate rackets within it , using violence to punish those causing problems to their ` clients ' - who may well have been coerced into buying protection .
most of the clans are led by a ` boss ' ( capofamiglia or rappresentante ) , who is aided by an underboss ( capo bastone or sotto capo ) and supervised by one or more advisers ( consigliere ) .
only men are allowed to join the clans , and candidates are not allowed to have any links to lawmen such as police officers or judges .
it has been estimated that the sicilian mafia costs the region 's economy more than € 10 billion a year , and that roughly 70 per cent of sicilian businesses pay some sort of protection money .
politicians have also been accused of using the mafia to buy votes during elections .
the american mafia arose from offshoots of the cosa nostra that emerged in the united states during the late nineteenth century , following waves of emigration from italy .
` he 's very quiet .
he always has been , even before it all blew up .
they are a very quiet family . '
federico bianchi , head of press at the italian embassy , said : ` when , in march 2014 , the district judge denied the extradition of mr rancadore to italy , the crown prosecution service failed to appeal against his decision in the prescribed terms , for which they issued a formal excuse .
` that is key to the release of mr rancadore because that loss of time , which obliged italy to start the procedures afresh , issuing a new european arrest warrant , because that year that was lost gave the possibility for the sentence to expire .
` it gave the possibility to mr rancadore 's lawyers , who are clever and know the penal code very well , to file an application for the sentence to be declared expired . '
mr bianchi also denied that the hearing in february had been ` useless ' because the sentence had not automatically expired until it was confirmed as such by a court in palermo on march 25 .
a cps spokesman said : ` the italian ministry of justice has confirmed that the decision by the court of appeal in palermo is appealable to the italian supreme court .
` it is inaccurate to suggest that a delay due to administrative errors has had a significant bearing on today 's outcome .
` until the european arrest warrant was officially withdrawn today , the cps acted on behalf of the italian authorities in these extradition proceedings and had received no instructions to the contrary . '
the cps admitted it had made a mistake by failing to serve appeal papers to rancadore 's lawyers on time in march last year .
at the time , director of public prosecutions alison saunders acknowledged that , as a result of the error , it was possible rancadore would never be extradited to italy .

#reference: 
domenico rancadore given a seven-year sentence by italian court in 1999
he was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders
in february the sicilian mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to italy
today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired in october last year


#decode: 
domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .
in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .
sentence dropped : domenico rancadore ( right and left ) fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a ` man of honour '
