index: 4366


hash: ad801706cab1d5fa7af8412351328c4e2da0db37


#article: 
nineties style is hot right now .
chokers , berry-coloured lips , round sunglasses and calvin klein logo t-shirts are all the rage with a new generation of fashion fans .
but news that jnco , the brand responsible for the huge wideleg ` rave ' jeans , is set to make a comeback has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around .
the return of the highly impractical jeans , which featured giant leg openings approaching 50in , has us contemplating the retro fashion nineties and noughties trends that really should be left in the past .
femail rounds up the worst offenders ...
jcno jeans , popular at nineties raves , are threatening to make a comeback
a casual nighties piece , the bucket hat is characterised by its wide , downwards sloping brim and limp structure .
originally a staple of fishermen and farmers , it soon enough found its way into popular culture and temporarily dominated the music scene .
after gaining prominence in the nineties and early noughties , the trend was ditched in favour of softer and more flattering shapes , but fashion-forward celebrities such as 27-year-old rihanna are n't letting it go quietly .
then : the bucket hat was originally a staple of fishermen and farmers , but seeped into popular culture , and was sported by the likes of singer christina aguilera , now 36 , in 2001
now : pop star rihanna , 27 , was spotted in july 2014 wearing a floppy bucket hat
for those of us non-military personnel not in need of immediate concealment from predators , very few can understand why time and time again , camouflage print manages to seep into our wardrobes .
usually in variations of olive and khaki - but also available in more garish shades - the pattern consists of shapeless blobs that imitate foliage .
the brash pattern was favoured by noughties bands such as beyoncé 's former band , destiny 's child and today is seen on silk pants or sports luxe trousers worn by street smart stars such as 24-year-old jourdan dunn .
beyoncé , now 33 , was a big fan of camouflage print in 2001 back when she was still with destiny 's child
then : destiny 's child wore camouflage print in garish variations of bright blue back in 2001
now : jourdan dunn , 24 , attempted to bring back the camouflage look in the form of skinny trousers and a crop top in february 2015
sometimes a trend becomes so popular that a few fashion-forward thinking individuals try to take it to the extreme .
designer prints and double denim are two styles that worked well for celebrity wardrobes in the nineties ,
and today young reality star , 17-year-old kylie jenner is one of many who definitely do n't follow the ` less is more ' style mantra .
then : in the noughties , pop stars such as victoria beckham , now 44 ( pictured left in 2000 ) , britney spears , now 33 , and justin timberlake , now 34 ( pictured middle to right in 2001 ) , loved to take trends to the maximum
now : 17-year-old reality star kylie jenner sported double denim out and about in los angeles earlier this month
the shapeless sheepskin ugg boot was a huge celebrity trend in the noughties , with heiress paris hilton , 34 , owning piles of pairs .
they are not pretty , or remotely glamorous , but the cosy factor means that they remain popular with off-duty actors and models today , with actress kristen bell , 34 , being one of the more modern fashion offenders .
then : heiress paris hilton wore ugg boots at heathrow in 2006 and now : kristen bell wears hers on set between takes earlier this month
tiny , tiny denim shorts have been around for the longest time , but were brought back to popularity by jessica simpson , 34 ( pictured below ) , in the film remake of the dukes of hazzard in 2005 .
extremely frayed , and impractically short , most stylish women are opting for slightly longer , more conservative styles this summer .
but we can always count on miley cyrus , 22 , to keep things flirty - wearing hers cut seriously high on the thigh .
then : tiny denim shorts , aka daisy dukes , were reintroduced to our wardrobes by jessica simpson with the promotion of the film reboot of the dukes of hazzard in 2005
juicy couture 's matching two-piece velour tracksuits were the staple wardrobe of the likes of nicole richie , 33 , paris hilton , 34 , and britney spears , 33 , in the noughties .
available in all manner of garish shades , they were perfect for lounging around the house in and today celebrities like nicki minaj , 32 , are keeping the rainbow sweatpants in style .
then : britney spears stepped out in a juicy couture velour tracksuits in 2005 before her wedding to kevin federline
now : nicki minaj stepped out in 2014 in the red version of the juicy couture tracksuit , proving that it 's maintained its popularity since the noughties
rainbow lenses were a nineties favourite for boy bands such as * nsync and pop princesses like britney .
these days they are sported by the likes of the mostly very stylish 22-year-old model cara delevingne and 17-year-old reality star , kylie jenner , with a mirrored sheen giving them a 2015 update .
shady bunch : justin timberlake , now 34 ( pictured left in 2000 ) , and britney spears , now 33 ( pictured right in 1999 ) , were fans of brightly coloured sunglasses in the nineties
now : model cara delevingne and reality star kylie jenner are both fans of coloured sunglasses
corsets first became popular in the 16th century , worn under clothes to help transform women 's shapes .
in the nineties they were being sported as outerwear , spearheaded by a very sexy victoria backham as posh spice , now 44 .
and today they are being incorporated into dresses and tops to add edge to red carpet wear by young stars like 22-year-old selena gomez .
then : victoria beckham ( pictured in 2004 ) popularised wearing corsets and lingerie as outerwear in the noughties
not very posh : victoria beckham sported tight corset structured dresses to events such as the mtv movie awards in 2007 ( pictured left ) and the victoria 's secret fashion show in 2007 ( pictured right )
now : selena gomez works a sultry look to an awards ceremony with a corset-based gown
characterised by loose , baggy legs which nip in at the ankle , these middle eastern style trousers are a hard to wear shape for anyone with any kind of curves .
before she discovered pencil skirts reality star kim kardashian , now 34 , was a huge fan of the voluminous pants .
today they are still sported by supermodel legs like 51-year-old elle macpherson .
then : reality star kim kardashian previously championed the wearing of harem trousers back in 2009
now : supermodel elle macpherson steps out in a pair of leopard print harem trousers

#reference: 
jnco ` rave jean 's are on their way back
other 90s/00s trends here to stay include uggs , velour and corsets
kylie jenner is a double denim fan whilst jourdan dunn loves camouflage


#decode: 
chokers , berry-coloured lips , round sunglasses and calvin klein logo t-shirts are all the rage with a new generation of fashion fans .
but news that jnco , the brand responsible for the huge wideleg ` rave ' jeans , is set to make a comeback has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around .
femail rounds up the worst offenders ...
