index: 4409


hash: b9efd4e67eeac9dbe074c66a68dbf8d1ca77e54b


#article: 
rory mcilroy believes it is ` unthinkable ' that he will not win the masters at some point to complete the career grand slam .
and the world number one has revealed how his final-round collapse at augusta national in 2011 was the most important day of his career .
mcilroy is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after gene sarazen , ben hogan , gary player , jack nicklaus and tiger woods .
rory mcilroy tees off at the arnold palmer invitational golf tournament in orlando on march 19
` for me now it 's a career-long goal to win there to achieve something that only a handful of players have ever achieved , ' the 25-year-old said in an interview with bbc northern ireland .
` there 's something special i can achieve going into augusta this year .
you are a complete player if you can win every major because they are on different golf courses , different tests , different conditions .
not many guys have done it in history so to put my name there would be awesome .
it would just be incredible .
` you feel the sense of what can be achieved but i ca n't think about that too much .
i just have to think about trying to go out there and playing as best as i can and if i can do that hopefully my scores add up to a shot lower than anyone else 's . '
mcilroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six masters appearances , finishing joint eighth last year despite the embarrassment of being outscored by his marker in the third round .
mcilroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at augusta later this month
but the 25-year-old can not picture going through his career without slipping on at least one coveted green jacket .
` during my career , yes it 's unthinkable , ' he added .
` if i do n't win it this year ... either it 's not the right time or it is n't your time .
if i was to look back as a 60-year-old on my career and not have won a green jacket i 'd obviously be very , very disappointed .
` and not just one .
i feel like it 's a course i can do very well at and a golf course i can hopefully win multiple times on .
obviously getting that first one is extra important and from there we can go on and maybe think about getting some others . '
mcilroy held a four-shot lead going into the final round four years ago , only to collapse to a closing 80 and finish 10 shots behind the winner charl schwartzel .
but he bounced back to win his first major title by eight shots in the us open two months later , before adding wins in the 2012 us pga and both the open and us pga last year .
mcilroy is hoping to emulate the likes of jack nicklaus ( above ) by winning all four major titles
` i think it was the most important day of my career , ' he added .
` if i had n't had the whole unravelling and say i just made a couple of bogeys coming down the stretch and lost by one , i might not have learnt as much .
` but for it all to come apart how it did i learnt an awful lot .
i learnt so much about myself and my game and what i needed to do differently the next time i was in that position .
` luckily it did n't take me long to get into a position like that again where i was leading a major and we know how that one played out .
i was able to get over the line pretty comfortably . '
mcilroy 's extraordinary success last year came despite the distractions of calling off his wedding to caroline wozniacki and a legal dispute with his former management company which cost him millions of pounds when it was finally settled in february .
mcilroy 's extraordinary success last year came he called off his wedding to caroline wozniacki
and he hopes he can again use the golf course as his ` sanctuary ' from the pressure and hype surrounding augusta .
` the golf course was my sanctuary , it was where i could get away from everything and just not have to think about it for the four or five hours that i am out there and it helped .
it really did , ' he added .
` i was looking forward to getting to the course and playing and practising and i think it will be the same at augusta because there will be so much hype and build up and talk about what could happen .
` i know i wo n't be able to wait until thursday morning or afternoon and just get on the golf course and play golf .
there is only so much you can talk about it and then you have to go out and try and play . '

#reference: 
final-round collapse at augusta national in 2011 was the most important day of career , mcilroy reveals
mcilroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six masters appearances
the northern irishman finished joint eighth last year


#decode: 
rory mcilroy believes it is ` unthinkable ' that he will not win the masters at some point to complete the career grand slam .
mcilroy is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after gene sarazen , ben hogan , gary player , jack nicklaus and tiger woods .
rory mcilroy tees off at the arnold palmer invitational golf tournament in orlando on march 19
