index: 5724


hash: 00fa75f6671a5f7fd57997d03db5f270c5681968


#article: 
a mother whose son suffers an incredibly rare disease , which makes his skin appear scalded , was shocked after a stranger reported her to police for child abuse .
four-year-old rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome .
his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body .
his mother valerie jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out .
but while out shopping recently , mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police , who had been called by a member of the public .
valerie jackson , pictured left with her son rj when he was three months old , was accused of scalding her son after a member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for the signs of abuse .
rj , pictured recently right , suffers netherton 's syndrome , an incredibly rare illness which causes his skin to appear red and scaly
as soon as rj was born , mrs jackson , from las vegas , knew there was something wrong with her son , after noticing a red rash spreading across his tiny chest
they reported fears mrs jackson had been abusing rj .
` it just shows the extent of people 's ignorance , ' mrs jackson , from las vegas , said .
the 35-year-old said she is also subjected to taunts in the street , with other mother 's accusing her of burning rj .
` his skin is bright red and shiny , ' mrs jackson added .
` i put vaseline all over him two to three times a day to keep his skin subtle but he is still sore .
` when he was younger he had to have it over his body every few hours -- even in the night .
` we have n't known sleep for about five years . '
the mother-of-four said her young son is also targeted by bullies - many cruel taunts being made by adults .
` one woman came up to me and thought he was badly burnt , ' she said .
` she said sharply to me , " excuse me , your child has caught the sun " .
` i could n't believe it .
but we 're used to the staring and ignorant comments .
` i think he is the most beautiful boy in the world .
` he 's got a cheeky smile and an adorable giggle . '
she said rj has been treated like an outcast because of his illness , a rare congenital skin disease , which makes skin red and scaly .
mrs jackson and her husband , reginald , 40 , have to regularly cover rj 's body with creams to ease his painful symptoms .
but she said , both she and her son face cruel taunts from bullies , most of whom are adults
while out shopping with rj , mrs jackson , pictured left with her son in hospital , was suddenly surrounded by armed police .
a member of the pubic had called officers reporting the 35-year-old for child abuse
` it just shows the extent of people 's ignorance , ' mrs jackson said .
she said her son has been treated as an outcast , having been denied entry to play centres and facing cruel jibes from people in the street
` we were denied entry to an indoor playhouse because of his skin , ' she said .
` we 've had the police called for child abuse .
` we were in walmart in las vegas putting his creams on when we were surrounded by five armed police .
netherton 's syndrome is a rare congenital skin disease - a more extreme form of ichthyosis .
sufferers ' skin appears red and scaly and can also experience hair , infection and allergy problems .
because red skin can be attributed to several diseases , the condition may not be accurately diagnosed until later in a child 's life .
most children with the disease appeared ` scalded ' at birth and are slow to gain weight .
their skin quickly loses heat , water and protein and babies are often kept in incubators on special care baby units as a result .
they are more at risk of infection because of their inflammed skin .
parents are advised to reguarly cleanse and moisturiser their child ` skin , while taking care when holding them .
there is no cure for the condition , but in most infants , the symptoms improve with time .
as they get older , a child 's skin may remain red and scaly , and their skin may be itchy , sensitive or raw , sometimes appearing thicker at the joints .
the condition appears out of the blue where there has been no family history .
but , it is thought to be genetic , and parents can carry the faulty gene responsible .
` their guns were n't drawn .
the officer asked what was going on .
i explained and he apologised .
` but it just shows the extent of people 's ignorance . '
mrs jackson , who is married to rj 's father reginald , 40 , said their son was diagnosed when he was a baby .
` after an emergency caesarean , i knew something was n't right , ' she said .
` as rj was lifted up and i saw him for the first time , i noticed an angry rash on his chest .
` he was rushed to intensive care where the rash seemed to spread before our eyes , his skin becoming even redder and cracking . '
she said her first thought was he was being burnt by the incubator light .
` but he was n't , ' she said .
` no one had any idea what was wrong with him .
` when doctors told me i could take him home two weeks later , i burst into tears .
` i did n't think he was well enough to leave hospital .
his skin was crusty and starting to fall off .
` back home , as he cried and screamed , i felt helpless , and wished there was something i could do .
` he 'd scratch at his skin until it bled , so i put socks on his hands to stop him .
` i searched the internet for answers but i could n't find anything . '
she eventually stumbled upon a facebook group called netherton 's syndrome research group .
it had been set up by a couple in the uk whose child , jack oldacres has the condition .
` each symptom was exactly like rj 's , ' mrs jackson said .
` people from all over the world were sharing stories , swapping tips to help one another .
` i knew this was what he had .
i found out netherton 's was a rare strain of the skin condition ichthyosis , affecting one in 200,000 births in the uk .
mrs jackson was desperate to discover what was wrong with rj , centre on his sister 's lap , and so turned to the internet .
there , she found a facebook group set up by the parents of a little boy with the disease .
` each symptom was exactly like rj 's , ' she said .
` i knew this was what he had '
` reginald and i started slathering rj 's skin in vaseline every three hours , like people on the group suggested .
` we bathed him just twice a week because the hard water dried out his skin too much .
` each time i 'd sit with him in the bath and painstakingly remove all the dead skin . '
but , she said , people are still critical of her .
` i 'm happy to explain what netherton 's is , but most people jump to conclusions before i get the chance , ' she said .
` his brother and sisters are great with him , always helping out and standing up for him .
` just like any other little boy , he loves throwing around a ball and is usually bubbly and happy , until his skin starts to hurt .
` right now , rj is too young to know that people make nasty comments , but i hope as he grows , his condition will be better known .
` it does n't matter how red his skin is , all i see is a beautiful little boy . '

#reference: 
rj jackson is one of around 70 sufferers of netherton 's syndrome
four-year-old 's skin appears red and scaly , and can be itchy and painful
mother valerie jackson is regularly accused of ` scalding or burning ' him
says rj faces cruel taunts from bullies - most of whom are ignorant adults


#decode: 
four-year-old rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome .
valerie jackson , pictured left with her son rj when he was three months old , was accused of scalding her son after a member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for the signs of abuse .
rj , pictured recently right , suffers netherton 's syndrome , an incredibly rare illness which causes his skin to appear red and scaly
