index: 9251


hash: 6a1a27a64dd831c5bfc11bf700fcbfe13d5c47be


#article: 
an aspiring model who set a honey trap to lure a professional gambler to his ` pitiless and wicked ' death in a bid to steal his winnings has been jailed for 16 years .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of £ 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end .
the care assistant , from gillingham , kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants .
aspiring model leonie granger ( left ) has been jailed for 16 years at the old bailey after being found guilty of manslaughter over the death of professional gambler mehmet hassan ( right ) who she lured at a casino
granger ( pictured with mr hassan at palm beach casino in central london ) took advantage of him being a ` soft target ' , the court heard .
judge william kennedy today described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked '
but after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside .
they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
afterwards , they left him with multiple broken bones , lying face down in his bedroom drowning in his own blood .
following a trial at the old bailey , granger was found guilty of mr hassan 's manslaughter by a majority - but not guilty of murder .
she was sentenced to 16 years behind bars for the killing by judge william kennedy today .
co-defendants kyrron jackson , 28 , and nicholas chandler , 29 , were found guilty of murder and were jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years .
sentencing , judge william kennedy described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked ' , adding : ` it was quite simply an act of brutality which defies reason and compassion . '
in mitigation , orlando pownall qc said granger had worked with the elderly since she was 18 and had only got involved with the plot because she was in love with jackson and ` fell in with his desires ' .
mr pownall said she now ` deeply regretted ' what had happened , adding : ` her head was turned by mr jackson who she loved and to some extent by mr chandler who was persuasive and superficially charming . '
but jailing her , the judge said she had been ` deceitful from the outset ' and had ` lost her sense and compassion ' when she got involved in the scheme .
he added that she clearly cared more for jackson than he cared for her .
granger , from gillingham , kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants .
she wept in the dock as she was convicted of manslaughter
granger and mr hassan are pictured on cctv going in to the palm beach casino in central london together
all the defendants were convicted of robbing mr hassan and conspiracy to falsely imprison him .
jackson and chandler , both of south east london , were further found guilty of two counts of plotting to rob employees of grosvenor casinos , two counts of conspiracy to have a shotgun and imitation firearm in january last year , and two counts of conspiracy to falsely imprison .
the trial had heard how mr hassan was oblivious of the sting as he wined and dined the woman he knew as rachel , even bragging to his friends that he was not paying her to be with him .
granger was found guilty by a majority of 10 to two
after their first date , granger was overheard by a taxi driver reporting back that hassan was ` flashy ' and saying : ` this guy is a professional gambler .
he has never worked a day in his life . '
on the night of the murder , mr hassan had taken granger to the top mayfair restaurant nobu before going on to the palm beach casino nearby , where he gave her £ 1,000 in cash to gamble with .
dressed in a strapless top , tight-fitting black trousers , high heels and a large gold necklace , granger was spotted by a poker supervisor kissing mr hassan ` passionately ' and she told the pair to ` get a room ' .
later , he took her back to his islington flat where she made her excuses and left in a taxi - but not before letting in her boyfriend jackson and his friend chandler , who were poised to strike outside .
using parcel tape , the two men tied up mr hassan in his bedroom then kicked him to death and ransacked his home as they searched for his stash of cash .
while mr hassan 's beaten and bloody body lay undiscovered , the killers were filmed on granger 's mobile phone throwing wads of £ 50 notes around .
they fled with £ 3,000 , his tv and mobile phone , but were caught after granger 's phone records were examined .
granger 's co-defendants kyrron jackson , 28 , ( left ) and nicholas chandler , 29 , ( right ) , both from south east london , have both been convicted of murdering mr hassan and are to be sentenced in due course
granger ( left ) helped kyrron jackson ( centre ) and nicholas chandler ( right ) rob and kill gambler mr hassan
police found mr hassan lying in a pool of blood after his family had raised the alarm .
his knees and ankles were bound and there was a shoe print on his cheek .
investigators found he had suffered a ` vicious and sustained attack ' -- probably as his killers demanded to know where he hid his money .
granger 's ` soft target ' was known to have two favourite casinos in mayfair - the playboy casino on old park lane and the palm beach casino in berkeley street .
he sometimes won as much as £ 15,000 at a time and rather than using bank accounts , he would keep his winnings around his flat , even keeping thousands of pounds in his microwave .
the fact the divorced father ` enjoyed the company of women ' made him particularly ` vulnerable to the unscrupulous ' , prosecutor crispin aylett qc told jurors .
chandler is pictured throwing around £ 50 notes around which he stole from mr hassan after killing him
he said mr hassan 's death was the ` culmination of the ruthless greed ' of jackson and chandler who had been involved in two armed robberies at the same casino in south kensington in january and february last year , but with limited success .
the jury was shown cctv film of the dramatic raids as well as clips of granger and mr hassan together in the casino hours before the killing .
they were also played a short clip of the three defendants literally throwing the victim 's money around hours after the murder , with jackson wearing a gas mask and stuffing a fist full of notes into his underpants .
speaking after their convictions last week , mr hassan 's family said his death will ` haunt them forever ' .
his daughter stephanie hassan added : ` every day we miss him and we love him . '

#reference: 
leonie granger , 25 , has been jailed for 16 years for luring gambler to death
convinced mehmet hassan , 56 , she was interested in him at mayfair casino
went to his flat and let in boyfriend kyrron jackson and nicholas chandler
they kicked mr hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings
granger convicted of manslaughter and two men found guilty of murder
judge william kennedy today described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked '


#decode: 
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of £ 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end .
the care assistant , from gillingham , kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants .
aspiring model leonie granger ( left ) has been jailed for 16 years at the old bailey after being found guilty of manslaughter over the death of professional gambler mehmet hassan ( right ) who she lured at a casino
