index: 9854


hash: ff413ad6aff00e308875ddfdc1fe4dadd43c6172


#article: 
a woman has been arrested after she allegedly broke into a home on martha 's vineyard , lived inside for at least a week and sold items belonging to the owners in a yard sale .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property .
she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17 .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property after she was arrested on april 17
filkins was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home
according to the police report , conklin found filkins sitting in his living room of the property estimated to be worth $ 800,000 .
when he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house .
she then fled in a gray nissan pickup truck when conklin called the police at about 8 a.m. .
when police arrived , they discovered a large glass window to the left side of the front door had been broken and covered by a blanket , reports the boston globe .
filkins was arrested several hours later after she attempted to get back into the home thinking that conklin had left .
she is next scheduled to be in court on may 14 .
a construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw filkins outside with items from the home , and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away .
according to a post on the department 's facebook page , items missing include four deck chairs from crate & barrel , a weber grill , two side tables from ethan allen , one ann chase lamp , two lamps from crate & barrel , two framed posters , various pots , pans , and linens , and a painting by the owner .
police are asking anyone who received items from the home to return them to the edgartown police department .
` if in fact you did purchase something you are a victim as well and epd will assist you in seeking restitution via the court prosecution of this case , ' the police department said on facebook .
anyone with information can also contact the police department at 508-627-4343 .
police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them

#reference: 
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property
she was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home
a neighbor told police he saw filkins outside with items from the house and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away
police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them


#decode: 
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property after she was arrested on april 17
filkins was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home
