index: 1336


hash: 27bcc8e9accad820a1dbeb6f1d62fc9659bd9a4a


#article: 
jilted music teacher yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old damian vanya after he ended their relationship
a hidden camera filmed the moment a jilted 52-year-old music teacher ordered a ` hit ' on a teenage pupil , after the 15-year-old ended their relationship .
yulia simonova faces 15 years behind bars after she asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and kill damian vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles ( £ 1,400 ) , after he dumped her for a classmate .
but police set up a sting operation , sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with simonova in the russian city of shatura , near the capital of moscow .
a secret camera filmed the exchange , where the 52-year-old teacher - who had showered the pupil with gifts and money for a year before he ended the relationship - said she wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she ` finished ' him .
she told the undercover policeman : ` you must really beat him up because i want him to suffer from unbearable pain .
an undercover police officer , posing as a hitman , filmed simonova ordering the hit on her teenage ex-lover
after handing over expense money .
part of £ 1,400 offered for a ` hit ' , police arrested the 52-year-old in her car
the russian music teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder
` i want you to break his arms and legs but do not touch his face .
really attack and damage his kidneys because i want him to bleed out .
` i want to see him in a really bad state and then to just say a few words to him that he will understand .
` then we will finish him together . '
after she had handed over some expenses money to the ` killer ' she was arrested by armed police in her car .
she was searched before being taken to a police station where she was remanded in custody on charges of attempted murder .
simonova asked the undercover police officer said she wanted him to break the 15 year old 's arms and legs before she would join in and ` finish him ' .
the 52-year-old had showered the teen with gifts during their affair
pupil vanya ended the relationship with his teacher , pictured being arrested by police , when he got together with his classmate .
he said he hoped the guards would ` throw away the key ' for simonova 's prison cell
vanya , who is thought to have broken off the relationship with the teacher for one of his classmates , said he was relieved .
` i hope they throw away the key ' , he added .

#reference: 
yulia simonova said she wanted the teenager to suffer ` unbearable pain '
offered to pay ` hitman ' # 1,400 to murder the boy in police sting operation
now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder



#extractive: 
jilted music teacher yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old damian vanya after he ended their relationship
the russian music teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder '
but police set up a sting operation , sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with simonova in the russian city of shatura , near the capital of moscow .



#extractive+abstractive: 
yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill 15-year-old damian vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles ( # 1,400 ) , after he dumped her for a classmate
but police set up a sting operation , sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with simonova in the russian city of shatura , near the capital of moscow

