index: 1131


hash: a6e45676795bcdf3ca816d36dd03a03195828d4e


#article: 
new york city police have released the image of a tattoo found on the body of a woman in hopes of identifying her nearly a month after she died on a brooklyn street .
the unnamed woman , believed to be between 25 and 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn .
paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening .
distinctive : nypd has released images of a heart tattoo with the name ` monique ' found on an unnamed woman who died in brooklyn last month .
to the left is the body art as it appears on her leg .
to the right is a tattoo artist 's rendering of how the actual tattoo may have appeared originally
the deceased woman had no identification on her , but she sported a distinctive tattoo on her right leg .
investigators believe the faded body art was the name ` monique ' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose .
nbc new york reported that police are still awaiting a medical examiner 's report to find out the cause of the woman 's death .
anyone with information about the unidentified woman is being asked to contact nypd crime stoppers at 800-577-tips .
death in the street : the unnamed woman , believed to be 25 to 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn

#reference: 
woman believed to be 25 to 45 years old was found march 22 near shore parkway and 26th avenue in gravesend
had name ` monique ' tattooed on right leg within a heart and rose



#extractive: 
the unnamed woman , believed to be between 25 and 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn .
distinctive : nypd has released images of a heart tattoo with the name ` monique ' found on an unnamed woman who died in brooklyn last month .
paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening .



#extractive+abstractive: 
the unidentified woman , believed to be between 25 and 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn
paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening
investigators believe the faded body art was the name ` monique ' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose

