index: 5239


hash: 636494a6269212efd26632268b5f6cdc35f6ecff


#article: 
this little piggy has become an internet sensation after learning how to walk on just two feet .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters .
the heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground , foraging for food .
heartwarming : the two-legged pig has become an internet sensation because of a cute video showing it learning to walk
there are several occasions it looked close to tipping over but remarkably the piglet always manages to regain its balance .
it happily mixes with the rest of the litter , which have all been born with a full complement of legs .
the piglet belongs to farmer , ms duan , from qionglai city in sichuan province , south western china .
since its birth , villagers have flocked to take a peek at the curious animal .
tricky : the piglet has to use extraordinary balance to stand on its front trotters while all its siblings were born with all four legs
athletic : the piglet , nicknamed ` super pig ' can balance on its two front trotters and has captured the hearts of thousands since a video went online
siblings : one of the other piglets looks to copy the two-legged creature as it takes a quick rest from trotting about
ms duan said : ` when the piglets were feeding i noticed something strange with one of them .
` when i picked it up i could see it had no hind legs . '
it is not the first animal with two legs instead of four to win plaudits in china .
a rabbit at liuzhou zoo became a star attraction after learning to walk on its front paws .
many tourists in china 's guangxi province have been taking a detour to see the furry star hop on its front paws .
looking for grub : the piglet balances on two legs while keeping its snout to the ground in the hunt for food

#reference: 
piglet was born in china with only two front legs has learned to walk
villagers have flocked to see the two-legged animal in qionglai city
a video released online and has captured the hearts of thousands



#extractive: 
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters .
the heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground , foraging for food .
heartwarming : the two-legged pig has become an internet sensation because of a cute video showing it learning to walk



#extractive+abstractive: 
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered balancing on its front trotters
the heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground , foraging for food
it is not the first animal with two legs instead of four to win plaudits in china

