index: 8231


hash: 3e4c0c1aa4fdf0b711c34a2ec3aa9f5a4140d2e0


#article: 
more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships because of pregnancy .
one ship - hms ocean -- even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency ` medevacs ' during the last nine years , a freedom of information request revealed .
and at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious , which was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year .
more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships because of pregnancy , including at least one woman from hms illustrious ( above ) , which was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year
eighteen other ships - including hms dragon , hms enterprise and hms richmond - had emergency evacuations , data obtained by the sun showed .
a ministry of defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict ` no touching ' rule in place at sea , which suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave .
the data comes nine months after commander sarah west , the first woman to captain a royal navy warship , was flown back to the uk following claims she had a sexual relationship with a member of her crew .
an unnamed captain was appointed in her place and a military investigation was launched into the 42-year-old 's conduct .
a ministry of defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict ` no touching ' rule in place at sea , which suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave ( stock image above )
navy sources said ms west left hms portland for ` personal reasons ' .
the ministry of defence would not confirm what these reasons were or what action she would face .
women have been serving on royal navy ships since 1990 and in 2014 around 9 per cent of personnel were female .
last may three women made history by becoming the first female submariners to serve in the royal navy .
nearly 100 female british soldiers were sent home from afghanistan after finding out they were pregnant .
ninety-nine servicewomen on operations were flown back to the uk between january 2006 and december 2013 , a freedom of information request revealed .
sixteen women were removed from afghanistan in 2013 due to pregnancy while 18 were sent home in 2011 , the data showed .
a further 102 women were evacuated from iraq .
strict military rules ban mothers-to-be from serving in war zones .
the women were flown back on flights usually reserved for injured troops and the true figure could be higher if others travelled via routine flights .
troops are reminded by senior officers to check they are not pregnant before they fly to the front line - but are not made to do pregnancy tests .
most of the babies would have been conceived before the mother left the uk but a small number of women may have become pregnant on tour .
a ministry of defence spokesman said at the time : ` the small numbers of personnel who discover that they are pregnant on operations are returned at the first convenient opportunity . '

#reference: 
hms ocean had five women removed in nine years , according to new data
at least one sailor airlifted from hms illustrious , nicknamed ` hms lusty '
mod spokesman confirmed there was a strict ` no touching ' rule in place



#extractive: 
one ship - hms ocean -- even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency ` medevacs ' during the last nine years , a freedom of information request revealed .
and at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious , which was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year .
eighteen other ships - including hms dragon , hms enterprise and hms richmond - had emergency evacuations , data obtained by the sun showed .



#extractive+abstractive: 
one ship - hms ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency ` medevacs ' during the last nine years
and at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious , which was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year
a ministry of defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict ` no touching ' rule in place at sea , which suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave

