index: 5072


hash: 1d2899cd0787133e50e5e3e088d836f3f0dd856b


#article: 
( cnn ) it was a busy week for trending stories .
if you were n't online much , here 's some of the best of what you missed :
after the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot .
in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice .
families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners , because the strippers are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice .
rdj grew increasingly agitated as a channel 4 interviewer from the uk asked about his private life on tuesday .
they seem to spawn a new trend every other week .
the latest : lip plumping .
by sucking on a jar .
to look like kylie jenner .
it even has a hashtag : #kyliejennerchallenge .
with help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old alice barker went back in time .
a prom-posal that referenced bombs ?
one school would n't have it , but the prom-poser accuses administrators of racism .
ewan mcgregor to play lumiere in ` beauty and the beast '
this cast continues to draw lots of interest on social media .
johnny depp is nearly unrecognizable in the ` black mass ' trailer
here 's one way to announce you 're pregnant : reference " the fresh prince of bel-air . "
and a military dad photobombs his son ?
kudos for originality this week .
they all trended this week !

#reference: 
what do funeral strippers , a quadruple rainbow and kylie jenner have in common ? they all trended this week !



#extractive: 
( cnn ) it was a busy week for trending stories .
rdj grew increasingly agitated as a channel 4 interviewer from the uk asked about his private life on tuesday .
they seem to spawn a new trend every other week .



#extractive+abstractive: 
four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday
in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wake is an increasingly common practice
the latest : lip plumping , by sucking on a jar , to look like kylie jenner

