index: 8430


hash: 7e6279e2770052c3bf315fb5b6970d14eb7371ef


#article: 
a five-year-old boy who battled cancer has been given the all clear by doctors - after creating a superhero mask to help him through his treatment .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones .
but his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy .
hospital staff were amazed when the youngster , from stretford , asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment .
harley renshaw has been told he is cancer-free after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year .
he donned a superhero costume during his radiotherapy treatment , to help him feel brave
harley asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his radiotherapy treatment like a ninja turtle
after harley 's story made headlines around the world , staff at children 's tv channel nickelodeon even sent harley a box full of ninja turtle presents for christmas .
and now doctors given harley 's parents oliver , 25 , and stacey , 23 , the news they had not dared to dream of - he is free of cancer .
he will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free of the disease .
mr renshaw said : ` we 're chuffed to bits .
it was just over a year ago that he was diagnosed and he has been through it .
` he 's been running about everywhere and we 're hoping that he will soon be back at school full time . '
mr and mrs renshaw were given harley 's devastating diagnosis after taking him to see a doctor when he complained of a pain in his stomach .
he was diagnosed with neuroblastoma - a rare and aggressive childhood cancer which affects fewer than 100 children in the uk .
harley was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , lung , bones and neck after mother stacey took him to a doctor with a stomach pain
harley 's story became famous after it was reported in the local paper in december last year .
the children 's tv channel nickelodean even sent him a whole box of ninja turtles presents for christmas
neuroblastoma is cancer of specialised nerve cells , which are involved in the development of the nervous system .
the tumours usually start in one of the adrenal glands found above the kidneys , or in nerve tissues that run along the spinal cord , in the neck , chest , abdomen or pelvis .
as in harley 's case , the cancer can also spread to other areas of the body .
after doctors diagnosed his tumour , harley faced 80 days of intensive chemotherapy and an operation to remove his kidney tumour .
a month later , he was back at hospital for a stem cell transplant -- also called a blood or marrow transplant - where healthy stem cells were injected into his body to replace damaged or diseased stem cells .
he suffered complications as a result of the procedure , but battled through them to return home for his fifth birthday .
he also had weeks of radiotherapy at the christie clinic in manchester .
finally , he and his parents were given the incredible news that he was cancer-free .
harley 's father said he is ` so chuffed ' his son is cancer-free .
` harley is doing great , ' he said .
` he 's been running about everywhere and we 're hoping that he will soon be back at school full time '
his bravery caught the attention of doctors in the hospital and he was awarded one of cancer research uk 's little star awards .
he has also become the face of the charity 's kids and teens campaign , which aims to raise funds for research into child cancers .
mr renshaw said harley 's family are overjoyed to be told he is free of cancer .
he added : ` we 're just really excited and looking forward to the future . '
to donate or for more information about cancer research uk kids & teens visit cruk.org/kidsandteens
neuroblastoma is a cancer of specialised nerve cells in the nervous system and other tissues .
fewer than 100 children in the uk are diagnosed each year with the disease .
most children diagnosed with the disease are younger than five years old .
it is the second most common solid tumour in childhood , and it makes up 8 per cent of the total number of children 's cancers .
neuroblastoma commonly occurs in either one of the two adrenal glands in a child 's tummy or in nerve tissue that runs alongside the spinal cord , in the neck , chest , abdomen or pelvis .
the cancer can spread to tissues beyond the original site , including bone marrow , bone , lymph nodes , liver and skin .
as with most cancers the cause of neuroblastoma is unknown .
a neuroblastoma cancer cell in the brain is pictured under the microscope .
fewer than 100 children in the uk are diagnosed each year with this form of cancer
the symptoms vary depending on where a child 's tumour is .
the first signs can be vague , and include tiredness , a loss of appetite and pain in the bones .
if the tumour is in a child 's tummy , it may be swollen and the child may complain of constipation or have difficulty passing urine .
where a tumour is growing in a child 's chest , they may be breathless and have difficulty swallowing .
tumours growing in the neck can be visible as a lump , and a child is likely to complain of breathing and swallowing problems .
in cases where a tumour is pressing on the spinal cord , children can experience a weakness in the legs and walk unsteadily .
a variety of tests and investigations may be needed to diagnose neuroblastoma .
treatment depends on the age of the child , as well as the size and position of the tumour and whether the disease has spread .
children can have surgery , chemotherapy , as well as antibody treatment and radiotherapy .

#reference: 
harley renshaw has been given the all clear after battling cancer for a year
disease was in his kidney and has spread to bones , neck and left lung
he underwent months of gruelling chemotherapy and radiotherapy
made himself a superhero outfit to help him feel brave during treatment



#extractive: 
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones .
harley asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his radiotherapy treatment like a ninja turtle
harley renshaw has been told he is cancer-free after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year .



#extractive+abstractive: 
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones
his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy
hospital staff were amazed when the youngster asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his radiotherapy treatment

