index: 697


hash: 1c0ec05900bf2071d6b22f8a9e549c67e11af3d4


#article: 
a husband convicted of beating his wife to death after she filed for divorce has been sentenced to 30 years to life in prison .
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife kelly robarge , 42 , who disappeared from her charlestown home on june 27 , 2013 .
her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity .
the judge said he took into account the extent to which robarge went to conceal his wife 's killing and body , as well as the couple 's history of domestic violence .
james robarge ( above pictured in court last month ) , 45 , of vermont was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison
robarge was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife , 42-year-old kelly robarge
the couple 's daughter , ciera robarge ( pictured above , center , with her sister gabriel robarge pellerin , right , in court last month ) said her mom did not deserve this
robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years , according to valley news .
in the statement read by his lawyer on friday , he told his daughters , ` i love you guys more than life itself ' and called their mother ` the love of my life . '
one of the couple 's daughters , ciera robarge , said in court that she loved and missed her mom .
` i love and miss my mom more and more every day , ' she said .
` my mom did n't deserve this . '
kelly 's brother , ron prouty jr. , faced robarge on friday and told him , ` i hope you rot in hell . '
kelly 's brother , ron prouty jr , told robarge ( above ) he hoped he ` rotted in hell ' during the sentencing on friday
during his murder trial , he testified that he had not killed his wife , but a new hampshire jury convicted him of second-degree murder after deliberating for more than 12 hours over three days .
after the verdict was handed down last month , robarge 's two daughters left the courtroom sobbing and clutching one another in disbelief .
according to police , kelly had filed for divorce after 24 years of marriage on june 27 , 2013 -- the day she disappeared from her charlestown , new hampshire , home and her body was later found .
the jury rejected a first-degree murder charge but found him guilty of second-degree murder for reckless conduct that showed ` extreme indifference to the value of human life . '
prosecutors said the entryway to kelly robarge 's home contained ` countless ' spatters of blood .
family members of kelly react in court on february 11 to the not guilty verdicts on charges of first - and second-degree murder before the announcement of a guilty verdict for the charge of second-degree murder for reckless conduct against robarge
and james robarge 's disabled car was found several miles from where her body was discovered with a bloodstained trunk and numerous bloody items outside it .
however , most of the case was built largely on circumstantial evidence .
the closest thing to an eyewitness was a unity man who said he saw robarge , wearing latex gloves , crouched beside his disabled car on a turnaround in unity the night kelly disappeared .
her body was found off a logging road not far from there , and forensics experts said metal fragments found near an oil-smeared rock on the road matched robarge 's shattered oil pan .
due to the condition of her body , a medical examiner could not pinpoint the cause of death or determine how her head and hands became detached but concluded she died as the result of ` homicidal violence . '
robarge ( pictured in court in january ) has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years
meanwhile , one of the last people to see kelly alive the day she disappeared was frances uptegrove , a physician assistant who had treated her for anxiety and depression for several years .
uptegrove testified that kelly robarge told her she was heading to court to file for divorce .
he said : ` she seemed clear-headed , determined .
she 'd made up her mind . '
in testimony spanning two days , robarge showed no emotion as he repeatedly denied threatening or harming his wife and stared straight ahead when the verdict was announced .
robarge claimed that he did n't know his wife had filed for divorce , but he acknowledged that just days before , he found a letter from her on their kitchen counter saying she wanted one .

#reference: 
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning
he was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife , 42-year-old kelly robarge
robarge has already served two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years



#extractive: 
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife kelly robarge , 42 , who disappeared from her charlestown home on june 27 , 2013 .
her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity .
robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years , according to valley news .



#extractive+abstractive: 
james robarge , 45 , of vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife , kelly robarge , 42 , who disappeared from her charlestown home on june 27 , 2013
her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity
the judge said he took into account the extent to which robarge went to conceal his wife 's killing and body , as well as the couple 's history of domestic violence
robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years

