index: 6697


hash: 04e97afcfddc07753d82a3f21fde2a51e6a0e34f


#article: 
a trend we are just starting to get our heads around is the wide leg trouser . be it denim , cropped , printed or striped , the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends . there 's something effortless about a wide leg trouser that really appeals . and if like us you are growing tired of the skinny jean and want to try out a new look this could be your answer . louise redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean . skinny jeans have held court for quite a few years now and while they will never go out of style the wide leg will give you an alternative look . it 's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies . lou tried the out the trend seven years ago with a stella mccartney flared jean - luckily she kept hold of them ! the wide leg can be intimidating , especially if you 're on the shorter side . but the key is all in the shoe . huge amounts of fabric is hard to look flattering but if you keep your heels high and your top half simple you can pull it off with confidence . a high heeled shoe with an exposed top of foot will elongate the leg , a must when wearing a cropped voluminous trouser . louise and emma say to avoid being drowned by too much fabric try a high heeled shoe . louise recommends pairing a wide-leg with a simple knit to keep the outfit in proportion . if going for a longer length go high-waisted and very long to give extra leg length . proportion is everything , team with a simple knit , shirt or tee to keep the look current and cool , not costume . denim is the easiest way to nail the trend - gucci revisited the seventies with a collection filled with flared jeans in vintage washes . the stylish pair agree that denim is the easiest way to achieve the trend . the wide-leg trouser made an appearance on several catwalks including on the runway of gucci ss15 who showcased a denim take on the trend , for a high street take try the topshop miller jean ( right ) . celine showcased colourful billowing bottoms on their ss15 runway . topshop meanwhile have been quick to follow suit with their version - the miller - a 1970s-style wide leg flare . celine and stella mccartney kept it classy with a dressier-style pant , perfect for an evening look . try new online label finery london for a similar style with a lower price tag . a wide billowing trouser silhouette will update your wardrobe this season and the bonus is it 's one spring trend you do n't need nice weather for . to shop our looks and for more wide-leg trouser inspiration head to astylealbum.com . lou & em xx . poppy delevingne channeled the trend at the aw15 chloe show in paris . 

#reference: 
louise redknapp and stylist emma thatcher try the wide-leg trouser .
they say it makes a good replacement for ever-popular skinny jeans .

#baseline: 
this is the first time this summer 's look has made a comeback .
this is the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies .
this is the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies .

#pointer-generator: 
the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends .
it 's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies .
it 's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
louise redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean .
it 's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies .
lou tried the out the trend seven years ago with a stella mccartney flared jean .