index: 6550


hash: c7fc3754aa2aba2064f7504926d2d9b4c9f8daf3


#article: 
pablo osvaldo has urged italian legends andrea pirlo and francisco totti to move continents and join him at argentinian giants boca juniors . the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton and has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games . osvaldo believes that the duo would be a good fit for boca , and says the fans would love to have them line up on the la bombonera pitch . pablo osvaldo thinks that his former team-mates andrea pirlo and francesco totti should move to boca . ' who i would like to join me at boca ? pirlo and totti , ' the 29-year-old told corriere dello sport . ' i have played with many great players over the years and many of them are my friends . i do n't want to do injustice to anyone , but if i had to pick two , it would be pirlo and totti . ' they have a bit of a south-american style and they would be perfect for boca with their abilities . ' the bombonera would go absolutely crazy for players like them . ' pirlo has established himself as one of the best midfielders in world football and is hugely popular . totti ( 10 ) is a roma legend and osvaldo feels that he would be just as loved if he moved to argentina .

#reference: 
pablo osvaldo says andrea pirlo and francesco totti should join boca .
the 29-year-old is currently on loan at the club from southampton .
osvaldo believes the boca fans ' would go crazy ' for the italian duo .

#baseline: 
pablo osvaldo wants italian legends andrea pirlo and francesco totti to move .
the 29-year-old moved to a new club on a loan deal from southampton .
he has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games .

#pointer-generator: 
pablo osvaldo has urged italian legends andrea pirlo and francisco totti to join him at argentinian giants boca juniors .
the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton .
the 29-year-old has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
pablo osvaldo has urged italian legends andrea pirlo and francisco totti to move continents and join him at argentinian giants boca juniors .
the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton and has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games .
osvaldo believes that the duo would love to have them line up on the la bombonera pitch .