index: 7347


hash: 9cd2035d32750d5952590694012de18362377bf0


#article: 
a new zealand couple needed a home upon returning home after living in the uk , so they built one on the back of an old flatbed truck . hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love . the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand . how a truck becomes a home : a new zealand couple built this country home on the bed of a flatbed truck . making do : alex ( left ) and hannah ( right ) wanted a home that was cozy and all their own , but could n't afford to buy a full-sized lot . ' we came back to new zealand from the uk in 2009 , ' alex told smoking tire . ' we knew we could n't afford to buy property at that point . we did n't have money . ' so , the couple started building . after a year and a half of taking the project one step at a time , the project took shape . though , to hear hannah tell it , they just slapped up the place in a weekend . ' [ we ] welded a frame , put the wood on and built this house , ' the modest kiwi told smoking tire's matt farah . once they finished , the couple drove their truck home out to a lot they 'd purchased in nelson , new zealand . now the couple and their cat live surrounded by nature : aromatic cypress wood inside the home and majestic trees and a babbling brook outside their door . ingenuity : the couple started with a steel frame and slowly , project by project , built a home in about a year and a half . gorgeous : hannah and alex now have a gorgeous , wood-lined home in a lot surrounded by trees and a babbling brook . details : the couple has a wood-fired stove to keep out the cold , stained glass windows and other creature comforts . they 're nearly self-sufficient , too . the home is powered mostly by solar panels . alex said their first power bill was just $ 25 . the stove and hot water are gas-powered and water comes from a nearby spring . ' i did n't want to live inside a plastic box , ' alex said . ' not because i 'm a hippie but because it feels nicer and is just a nicer place to be . ' all told , the project cost hannah and alex about $ 25,000 . and the couple even plans to build another one like one day . ' it 's really , really nice , ' hannah said . ' we love it . ' two bedrooms : the home has a bedroom for the couple as well as a loft that doubles as a spare room where the cat sleeps . green : water comes from a nearby spring and most of the electricity comes from solar panels .

#reference: 
hannah and alex needed a place to live after they moved back to new zealand from the uk in 2009 .
so , they purchased a 1986 hino flatbed truck and started building a home on the back of it over the course of about a year and a half .
they then purchased a secluded piece of property and drove their nearly self-sufficient $ 25,000 home there .

#baseline: 
hannah and alex brady built a new zealand home on the back of an old flatbed truck .
the couple built a new zealand home on the back of an old flatbed truck .
the couple had to live in nelson , new zealand .
the couple have a UNK stove to keep out the cold .

#pointer-generator: 
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love .
the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love .
the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand .