index: 4620


hash: edd03985da66593982269e9e0216b4a5d88158da


#article: 
a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana . todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . dracone spun while exiting his put box , clipping phillips ' leg . tire changer todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released . many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag . dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd . francesco dracone ( 19 ) , of italy , spins out on turn one during the indycar grand prix of louisiana auto race in avondale on sunday . 

#reference: 
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .
he was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .
phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .

#baseline: 
francesco UNK was struck by the car of francesco UNK , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .
he was struck by the car of francesco UNK , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .

#pointer-generator: 
todd phillips was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .
phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .
phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .