index: 669


hash: 599bf6f13bc8477d50aa7599baf53123a6e57708


#article: 
hong kong ( cnn ) six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in china 's southeastern fujian province sparked a huge fire , provincial authorities told state media . the plant , located in zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene ( px ) , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill . five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment , xinhua news agency reported . more than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control , the zhangzhou fire department wrote on their official microblogging account tuesday morning . residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to weibo to post photos of the fire . one user wrote that he heard a loud blast and felt slight tremors . the plant was hit by another explosion in july 2013 , although there were no reports of casualties or toxic leaks at the time . though demonstrations are illegal in china , the construction of px plants has sparked protests , which have occasionally turned violent , in several cities in recent years . the zhangzhou plant was slated for xiamen -- a densely populated city in the southeast of the country . however , it provoked an angry backlash in 2007 due to pollution concerns and prompted the local government to relocate the factory to its current , more remote location .

#reference: 
a blast rocks a chemical plant in china 's southeastern fujian province for the second time in two years .
six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized .
the explosion was triggered by an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills .

#baseline: 
xinhua : six people injured after explosion at chemical plant in china .
explosion occurred at an oil storage facility at an oil storage facility .
the explosion occurred at an oil storage facility monday night .

#pointer-generator: 
six people were hurt after an explosion at a chemical plant in china 's fujian province .
the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak .
local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak .
the plant , located in zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene ( px ) .
local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill .