index: 10265


hash: 2ff43eefe807026df9e78e88a081d41c5b653fa5


#article: 
forget a feather down pillow - this boy would rather use his cat 's belly as a place to rest his head . california-based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . after a brief moment of stillness , the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot . the boy then proceeds to follow the pet to his new location . eager to get some rest , the infant repeats the same move and rolls to the ground . the sequence happens one more time before the cat decides he 's had enough of being used as a pillow and wanders off indoors . a later video shows the duo swiftly made up , and the boy is seen gently feeding the cat handfuls of treats . sleepy head : youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . perfect pillow : footage shows the cat sat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . not amused : after a brief moment of stillness , the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot .

#reference: 
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .

#baseline: 
brazilian UNK filmed his son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .
the cat immediately gets up and UNK over to another spot .
the cat immediately gets up and UNK over to another spot .

#pointer-generator: 
california-based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .
footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
california-based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .
footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top .