index: 1067


hash: 8700d1a061a3eb361a3a678a1f3b344a504715e9


#article: 
tokyo ( cnn ) a bizarre and alarming discovery is raising concerns in japan about the potential for terrorism involving drones . a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house on wednesday , police and government officials said . the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear power plant in kagoshima prefecture , more than four years after the fukushima daiichi nuclear disaster . prime minister shinzo abe 's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many japanese , who view nuclear energy as too dangerous . a staff member spotted the drone wednesday morning on the roof of abe 's residence , tokyo metropolitan police said . dozens of police investigators were dispatched to the roof to investigate the origin of the drone , which had four propeller and was 50 centimeters ( 20 inches ) wide . police say the drone was equipped with a small camera , smoke flares and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material believed to be cesium , a common byproduct of nuclear reactors . cesium was also discovered in areas around the failed fukushima daiichi nuclear plant after its 2011 meltdown . investigators suspect the cesium was placed in the bottle . the amount inside is not immediately harmful to humans . chief cabinet secretary yoshihide suga said the discovery is raising concerns about terrorism . `` there might be terrorism attempts in the future at the olympics and g7 summit using drones , '' suga said . `` so we need to examine and review continuously the way small unmanned vehicles like drones should be operated and how to cope with the threat of terrorism from drones . the government will do all that we can to prevent terrorism . '' japanese law restricts drone flights around airports to prevent problems with aircraft , but there are no flight restrictions for most of tokyo , including the prime minister 's residence and local and federal government buildings . abe was not in his office at the time . he is in indonesia , attending the asian-african conference . cnn 's elizabeth joseph , joshua berlinger and josh levs contributed to this report .

#reference: 
the drone is sparking terrorism concerns , authorities say .
it was equipped with a bottle containing radioactive material .
it was discovered as a court approved a plan to restart two japanese nuclear reactors .

#baseline: 
a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the UNK power plant in UNK prefecture , more than four years after the fukushima meltdowns .
the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the UNK power plant in UNK prefecture , more than four years after the fukushima meltdowns .

#pointer-generator: 
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house on wednesday , police say .
the discovery comes on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear plant .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house on wednesday , police and government officials said .
the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear plant in kagoshima prefecture .