index: 8506


hash: 0ecc8c8f32e38f93c04842f69df71261ca88a56f


#article: 
a newborn baby with a life-threatening liver condition has been saved after undergoing a transplant from her mother 's twin sister . star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born in barnsley , west yorkshire . after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked , her parents , jade reader and matthew bygrave , were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive . jade reader ( left ) said she was ' overcome with emotion ' when her twin sister shanell ( right ) gave up part of her liver to save niece star . with neither parent a suitable match , her maternal aunt shanell reader offered part of her organ , and has since saved her niece 's life . star 's parents feared she was unwell after noticing her skin turning a yellowy tinge shortly after birth . while jaundice is common among babies , the colour did not leave her little body for weeks , prompting doctors to run tests on her liver . ' we didn’t think it was anything serious at first . matthew had jaundice when he was a baby and he just had to go back into hospital and go under a lamp , ' said miss reader , 24 . doctors discovered the baby 's bile ducts were blocked , a condition that can prove fatal if untreated . following an unsuccessful attempt to unclog them , a liver transplant was the family 's only option . within days of being born , star 's parents knew something was wrong when she her skin turned a yellowy tinge . while the baby 's mother was not a suitable match , her twin sister proved an ideal candidate . they are pictured as children . ' we were utterly shocked when we were told what star had . we had never thought it was anything like that . ‘ when we knew that it could be life-threatening it was devastating . she was only a few weeks old and yet we may lose her , ' said her mother . biliary atresia affects about 1 in 16,000 babies at birth . in this condition , bile ducts are either blocked or absent . the cause of the condition is not clear and may vary . one of the most common early symptoms is jaundice ( a yellow appearance of the skin or whites of the eyes ) and pale stools . if untreated the condition can lead to liver failure and death . the most common treatments for biliary atresia is the kasai procedure ( surgery that allows bile to drain directly into the bowel ) . both parents volunteered for the surgery but were told neither was a good enough candidate for a partial liver transplant . miss reader 's twin sister shanell was tested and told that she would give the baby the best chance of survival . ' she said without any hesitation that she would do it and that star could have a piece of her liver . ' i was so overcome with emotion . she 's my twin sister and if it was the other way round , i 'd have done it to save her daughter too , ' added miss reader . star underwent the operation in november and , after spending six weeks in hospital . returned home where she has since made a good recovery . ‘ star has to have blood tests and liver function tests every week and she will be on anti rejection medication for the rest of her life . ‘ but now she has been given the chance to live a normal life - and it’s all thanks to my twin sister . i can’t thank her enough , ' her other added . speaking of the decision , shanell said : ' i didn’t hesitate to step forward to save star . she’s my niece and i would do anything to help her . ’ since the operation in november baby star has made a good recovery as has her aunt shanell who said she did not hesitate when confronted with the choice of giving up part of her liver .

#reference: 
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born .
the baby 's bile ducts were blocked - a condition which can prove fatal .
neither of her parents were suitable candidates for partial liver transplant .
her maternal aunt shanell was the best chance she had at survival .
star underwent operation in leeds in november and has since recovered .

#baseline: 
the baby 's mother was diagnosed with UNK UNK in january .
the baby 's mother was diagnosed with UNK UNK in hospital .
her parents were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive .

#pointer-generator: 
jade reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born in barnsley , west yorkshire .
after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked , her parents , jade reader and matthew bygrave , were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born in barnsley , west yorkshire .
after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked , her parents , jade reader and matthew bygrave , were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive .