index: 8036


hash: ba4284a69cc068da747c066657035a2307c8873b


#article: 
this is the moment an aeroplane touched down on a runway without deploying its landing gear and skidded along the runway on its belly . captured in fort pierce , florida , the shocking footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the aero acres residential airpark . despite the fact the aerostar plane travels at speed , its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation . the light general aviation aircraft approaches the aero acres residential airpark and touches down without its landing gear deployed . he states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac . its propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact . suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air . the plane 's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact . the video maker can be heard saying that the plane’s propellers have been damaged in the collision with the runway and that more than likely , the pilot will crash . he later said : ‘ i was walking down the flight line of aircraft that flew in for the day , which is close to the main runway and noticed this light twin aircraft coming in low . ‘ i noticed he did not have his landing gear down and thought he was going to do a fly-by , but then noticed the power was pulled back with the aircraft approaching for a landing with no landing gear . the plane scratches along the runway and the video maker describes the sound as ' one you will not forget ' . ‘ the belly and tips of the propellers impacted the runway ( the sound of the propellers hitting the surface was one sound you will not forget ) . ‘ once the pilot realized his mistake , he gave what appeared to be full throttle and both propellers pulled the front of the aircraft down with the propellers making a second impact with the runway . ‘ somehow the engines stayed on and running and the pilot was able to regain control while leaving the airport . the video maker noted that once the pilot realized his mistake he began re-engaging the engine . he added : ‘it’s amazing the aeroplane engines did not get destroyed during the propellers impact and the pilot did not stall during the forced take-off with the high angle of attack and damaged propellers . ’ according to wpbf 25 news , the plane’s pilot , chris georgaklis , 85 , managed to fly 100 miles to fort lauderdale after the incident and landed safely . mr georgaklis is said to have flown for almost 50 years and was accompanied on the trip by his dog , buddy . people look on as the damaged aircraft takes off from the runway and flies 100 miles to fort lauderdale , where it landed safely . the most common cause of a gear-up landing , also known as a belly landing or pancake landing , is human error – when the pilot simply forgets to deploy the landing gear before touchdown . another cause is mechanical fault , when an electric motor or a hydraulic actuator fails . the faa is said to be investigating the incident .

#reference: 
video captures light general aviation aircraft approaching at speed .
filmmaker points out that the pilot has not deployed the landing gear .
plane touches down onto the tarmac and skids along the runway .
its propellers ricochet off the ground before pilot re-engages engines .
aircraft takes off and flies 100 miles away to fort lauderdale , florida .

#baseline: 
shocking footage shows cabin crew of cabin crew on landing gear .
pilot UNK the aircraft as the wings bounce up and down from impact .
pilot UNK the engines and makes a second impact with the runway .
the landing gear can be heard UNK off the ground .

#pointer-generator: 
the light general aviation aircraft approaching the aero acres residential airpark .
despite the fact the aerostar plane travels at speed , its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation .
the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
shocking footage shows light general aviation aircraft approaching aero acres residential airpark .
despite the fact the aerostar plane travels at speed , its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation .
suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air .