index: 7860


hash: dfff18226f1453f6f7e12a7d4ae70cb9d1ca8674


#article: 
the ex of a woman convicted of killing their five-year-old son by poisoning him with salt has lashed out on facebook just days after she was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison . lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , who was spared the maximum 25 years to life , appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears . the boy 's father , chris hill , was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ' please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it . ' scroll down for video . garnett-paul spears ' ( left ) father chris hill ( right ) lashed at his ex and the boy 's mother on facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison . lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban new york hospital ( pictured wednesday ) . she was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20 , showing no emotion when she was sentenced . as the conversation continued on his facebook page the father , who said he was tired of crying over the loss of his boy , stated ; ' crazy a** woman needs to be beat to death in prison . ' he also noted his ex 's complete lack of emotion at her sentencing , writing ; ' no emotion what so ever . what the hell ! ? ? ' the new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ' unfathomable in its cruelty . ' prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence , saying spears made her son ill because she had a bizarre need for attention . spears ' lawyer requested the minimum 15 years to life - he called her a hardworking single mother who gave her son unconditional love . prosecutors said spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . poignant : spears is seen here with her son garnett . prosecutors said spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . spears ' lawyer stephen riebling said she was innocent and blamed the hospital for negligence as he revealed plans to appeal the verdict . while awaiting sentencing , she was being held at westchester county jail in valhalla , said a spokesman for westchester district attorney janet difiore . prosecutors blamed spears , who lived in chestnut ridge , about 32 miles north of new york city , for her son 's short and tormented life . prosecutors blamed spears , who lived in chestnut ridge , about 32 miles ( 51 km ) north of new york city , for her son'sshort and tormented life . ' throughout his five years , garnett spears was forced to suffer through repeated hospitalizations , unneeded surgical procedures and ultimately poisoning with salt , all at the hands of the one person who should have been his ultimate protector : his mother , ' difiore said after spears was convicted . ' using the child 's ' illnesses ' to self aggrandize herself , her actions directly lead to her son 's tortured death , ' the prosecutor said . spears told investigators that her blond , blue-eyed son , whose father was killed in a car accident , suffered from a slew of medical problems from chrohn 's and celiac diseases to ear abnormalities , according to court papers . her social media posts about his ongoing problems and hospitalizations , including photos of his final hours on life support , were introduced as evidence by the prosecution at trial . spears did not testify at the trial . 

#reference: 
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears .
the 27-year-old spears force-fed heavy concentrations of sodium through the boy 's stomach tube .
judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ' unfathomable in its cruelty ' .
she showed no emotion when she was sentenced to 20 years in prison .
the boy 's father chris hill wrote on his facebook account of spears : ' crazy a** woman needs to be beat to death in prison ' .

#baseline: 
lacey spears of UNK , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son UNK spears .
she was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20 , showing no emotion when she was sentenced to 20 years to life .
spears ' lawyer requested the minimum 15 years to life .

#pointer-generator: 
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban new york hospital .
the boy 's father , chris hill , was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ' please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it .
thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it ' .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears .
the boy 's father , chris hill , was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ' please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it .
garnett-paul spears ' ( left ) father chris hill lashed at his ex and the boy 's mother on facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison .