index: 2651


hash: 0999944a46e0f97c32190992c81aaaa170e939fb


#article: 
fears for two new strains of influenza , which caused a spike in deaths in europe and the united states , will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores . stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket . the decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu . stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against two new strains . high-risk groups - such as the very young and very old , and most indigenous australians - will be able to access free , government-funded flu shots from april 20 . experts say the modified version of the vaccination is worth waiting for . but dr alan hampson , who chairs the influenza specialist group , said everyone should be getting the vaccine , which also provided protection against influenza a strain h1n1 . he said h3n2 and b/phuket caused a spike in deaths in europe and the us during the northern winter because the vaccine available did not provide the right buffer against the diseases . there was a spike in deaths related to h3n2 and b/phuket in europe and the us during the northern winter as the vaccine did not cover the strains . world health authorities realised that and modified the vaccine to be used in australia this winter . ' our vaccine now should be a really good match for the strains that are circulating globally and we certainly hope we can prevent more deaths per capita than they did , ' dr hampson told aap . ' in fact the vaccine that will be used in the next northern winter will be exactly the same as the one we 'll be using over the next few weeks . ' dr hampson said people should be booking their flu shots now , given the delay in stocks arriving . ' even if people are not in one of the high-risk groups , they are probably coming into contact with people in their own families who are , ' he said . ' those high-risk groups are harder to protect so it 's great if we can also protect the people around them . ' 

#reference: 
flu strains h3n2 and b/phuket triggered spike in deaths in u.s. and europe .
modified vaccine which includes these two strains is coming to australia .
including the strains has delayed stocks of the vaccine arriving by a month .
high-risk groups in australia will be able to get free flu shots from april 20 .

#baseline: 
scientists warn of new strains of influenza , which caused a spike in deaths in northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu .
experts say the modified version of the vaccine is worth waiting for .
experts say the modified version of the vaccine is worth waiting for .

#pointer-generator: 
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket .
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza b strain b/phuket .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
fears for two new strains of influenza , which caused a spike in deaths in europe and the united states , will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores .
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza b strain b/phuket .
experts say the modified version of the vaccination is worth waiting for .