index: 4903


hash: 3dcd704a5081d123cd746b35f1460dd9315b9695


#article: 
four royal navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party at a canadian barracks must stay in nova scotia until they have been tried . the four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth , near halifax , where they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a canadian naval base for the next few years . bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadacona naval base in halifax . accused : joshua finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer from stockbridge , hampshire , arrives at court today . two of the accused , simon radford , 31 , of gosport , hampshire and craig stoner , 24 , from stonehouse , gloucestershire hid their faces as they were led to a provincial court in dartmouth , nova scotia . darren smalley , 35 , of gosport , hampshire , and his co-accused were ordered to surrender their passports as part of their bail conditions . in a deal agreed with the british government , they will also continue to work for the royal navy and draw their current pay . it was not clear last night how they will keep themselves occupied thousands of miles from their shipmates and a representative from the british high commission who was in court refused to elaborate . the four – joshua finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer , craig stoner , 24 , simon radford , 31 , and darren smalley , 35 – had been playing for the royal navy ice hockey team in a tournament at the shearwater naval base just east of halifax . the alleged sexual assault , in which police sources say all four men had sexual intercourse with their victim , took place on april 10 after the sailors had returned to the barracks from a hockey game . sources say their victim , who is aged in her early 20s and lives in halifax , had accompanied a friend who had been invited to attend the party by local canadian servicemen . yesterday , all four men – three of them wearing black royal navy ice hockey team hoodies – looked relieved to be getting out of custody as they respectfully answered judge john macdougall’s questions . charged : royal navy sailors joshua finbow , 23 , ( left ) and simon radford , 31 , ( right ) appeared in court . held : craig stoner , 24 , ( left ) and darren smalley , 35 , ( right ) are being held by military police in canada . they all said they understood their bail conditions and crown prosecutor eric taylor said outside court that the accused had not asked to be returned to the uk . they were ordered to return to court on may 27 and given the names of seven people – the victim and six witnesses – who they were forbidden to contact . they must not leave the province of nova scotia and can not apply for new passports . they must remain employed by the navy and must not resign without the court’s permission . the four , no longer trying to hide their faces , later filed out of the court building and were driven away together in a large white suv to their new home on the close stadacona base . they ignored a question over how they might plead in the case . commander michael o’sullivan , the air and naval advisor at the british high commission , has spoken to the four and described the alleged offences as ‘serious’ but stressed they were as yet only allegations . naval base : the east coast navy base at halifax , nova scotia , near to where the alleged incident occurred . military base : an aerial view of the shearwater military base where four british sailors are accused of assaulting a civilian . the commander , who drove the car the men left the court in , added : ‘we’re assisting the canadian authorities with their investigation . ’ the four are charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault – offences that are punishable by up to 14 years in prison . crown prosecutor eric taylor said the investigation was still at an early stage and the results of forensic tests could result in additional charges . ‘ it will be up to the royal navy to decide now how to employ them while their charges are working their way through the court , ’ he said . canadian military investigators have described the alleged offences as ‘ a disturbing accusation of sexual assault’ . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .

#reference: 
four royal navy sailors are bailed following hearing nova scotia , canada .
three sailors are from hampshire , one is from gloucestershire .
they are charged with raping a 21-year-old woman at military base party .
men were in canada playing a hockey tournament with canadian forces .

#baseline: 
the four men appear in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth in dartmouth , hampshire .
the four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth , gloucestershire .
the four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth , near halifax .
they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the UNK naval base .

#pointer-generator: 
joshua finbow , 35 , of gosport , hampshire , arrives at court today .
two of the accused gang rape of a young woman must stay in nova scotia .
they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadacona naval base in halifax , nova scotia .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
joshua finbow , 23 , of gosport , hampshire , charged with gang rape .
two of the accused , simon radford , craig stoner , 24 , and craig stoner , 35 , had been playing for the royal navy ice hockey team in a tournament at the shearwater naval base just east of halifax .
darren smalley , 35 , of gosport , hampshire , arrives at court today .