index: 7801


hash: 866ebc99b420aec74ad716a76d9cbfbce4079c4f


#article: 
rail firms came under fire this weekend for planning a series of fare hikes of up to 87 per cent just ten days after the general election - despite the main party leaders pledging to freeze prices . the prime minister has requested first great western ( fgw ) ' urgently review ' its decision to almost double some fares on the route between london and the cotswolds - which passes through his witney constituency . mr cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament , while labour has also pledged to bring in a ' cap ' on price hikes . scroll down for video . sent letter : prime minister david cameron has written to first great western to request it ' urgently reviews ' plans to increase fares on trains running through his witney constituency . passengers travelling from charlbury , the oxfordshire station nearest to his constituency home , can currently purchase an off-peak return to london costing £33.30 . this allows them to leave at 9.42am , outside the morning peak , but return on one of the four services that go from london during the evening peak period . but from may 17 , these customers will be forced to pay £62.40 if they want to come home on one of these trains - an 87 per cent increase . the planned changes have angered mr cameron 's constituents - prompting him to personally intervene . 1 . first great western . line : london to hereford . potential increase : 87 % 2 . virgin . line : stafford to liverpool . potential increase : 24.5 % 3 . london midlands . line : crewe to northampton . potential increase : 23 % the prime minister 's spokesman told the sunday times : ' mr cameron has written to first great western and asked them to urgently review their decision . ' train companies have three windows every year in which they can increase ' unregulated ' fares , which make up around half of their total revenue . unregulated fares can include journeys such as off-peak leisure and advance-purchase tickets . first great western has insisted the reason for the change is to bring the north cotswolds route in line with its other services . the firm is also offering some customers a cheaper option in advanced single tickets , potentially allowing them to buy a return for £20 if they book ahead . other sharp price hikes to be introduced include an off-peak first-class single from crewe to northampton on london midlands , which will rise from £30 to £37 , according to trainsplit.com - a website that provides passengers with cheaper ticket options . the cost of an anytime return between stafford and liverpool , travelling with virgin , will leap from £26.50 to £33 - a 24.5 per cent hike . biggest hike : passengers travelling with the rail firm between london and the cotswolds could face increases of up to 87 per cent come may 17 . and an anytime first-class day return on virgin from manchester to stoke will go up 22 per cent - rising from £29 to £35.30 . virgin has said the ' vast majority ' of its price hikes affected ' virgin trains-only fares ' - which are at least 20 per cent cheaper than tickets offered by rival firms . it added : ' our overall fare increase this year on the west coast is just 1.65 per cent , well below the industry average . ' speaking to mark hookham of the sunday times , mike richardson , of trainsplit.com , said : ' passengers might very well be surprised at these fare increases when both the main parties have talked about price freeezes . according to which ? hundreds of ' anytime ' and 'off-peak ' returns rose by 40 per cent in january . its research found rail fare increases on tickets that passengers buy on the day and on rural routes . defended rise : virgin has said the ' vast majority ' of its price hikes affected ' virgin trains-only fares ' - which are at least 20 per cent cheaper than tickets offered by rival firms . 

#reference: 
pm has written to first great western asking for ' urgent review ' of fare hike .
passengers in his witney constituency could face increases of up to 87 %
comes after mr cameron pledged to freeze fares for whole of next term .
other sharp hikes include virgin 's service between stafford and liverpool .

#baseline: 
the prime minister has promised to freeze fares on trains running through his sleigh constituency .
the prime minister has promised to freeze fares in real terms if they want to come home on one of these trains - an 87 % increase .

#pointer-generator: 
prime minister has written to first great western to request it ' urgently reviews ' plans to increase fares on trains running through his witney constituency .
mr cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament , while labour has also pledged to bring in a ' cap ' on price hikes .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
prime minister david cameron has written to first great western to request it ' urgently reviews ' plans to increase fares on trains running through his witney constituency .
passengers travelling from charlbury , the oxfordshire station nearest to his constituency home , can currently purchase an off-peak return to london during the evening peak period .