index: 11467


hash: 651a710c33c3db4ebd08dc3ed241550f93ccf1a5


#article: 
a burlesque performer is attempting to eradicate all negativity surrounding the word ' fat ' – by embracing it as an honest , body-positive description of her own physique . during a recent ted talk , lillian bustle , from new jersey , revealed that she also calls herself ' short ' , because she is 5'3 '' , and ' wife ' , because she is married , noting that each of these words is just an honest description of what she is . and ' fat ' is just another self-descriptor for her , who insists that the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ' ugly ' . ' we as women are programmed to tell each other that we 're not fat , because to many people - both men and women - fat is the worst thing that you can be , ' she said during her talk , which took place earlier this month . scroll down for video . not-so-tiny dancer : burlesque performer lillian bustle explained in her ted talk that ' fat ' is just another word - and using it does n't have to be an insult . beauty comes in bigger packages , too : during her lecture , lillian explained that ' fat ' should n't mean the same thing as ugly . unfortunately , lillian added , her worldview is n't held by everyone , and she pointed to a statistic that shows that size discrimination in the workplace has risen 66 per cent in the past 30 years . and those negative perceptions of bigger people start young : the top ' magic wish ' for girls 11 to 17 , according to a study , is to be thinner . but there 's hope . lillian explained that , according to other studies , ' the more we 're exposed to body diversity , the more we tolerate , accept , and yes , even prefer , different body types ' . that promising fact is something that encourages the dancer to perform burlesque , which enables her to expose her audiences to a ' fat ' body in a positive , glamorous way . changing minds : studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types , the more they like them ; lillian hopes exposing her audience to a fuller figure will change their perceptions . lillian also quoted another performer named beelzebabe , who has spoken out in the past about the fact that the body diversity of burlesque performers ' challenges us to rethink the narrow confines that society has given us for what 's desirable ' . it certainly challenged lillian , who weighs in at 240lbs . she admits she was in awe at the first burlesque show she ever saw , immediately resolving to try it herself . she began performing in 2012 , and says the experience has been both empowering and incredibly body-positive . while the first time she performed she was nervous about people seeing her arms jiggle , once she did it , she felt like she could ' walk through fire ' . now , whenever she 's feeling insecure , she can think back to that first performance ; lillian recommends other people find a similar ' courage reference ' - a moment you felt brave that you can think back to at times when you feel more insecure and afraid . self-esteem boost : lillian said she was nervous before her first performance because of how her arms looked , but now she feels great about her body . plump crowd-pleaser : while a few people have left nasty comments on the youtube page for her ted talk , lillian said the response has been mostly positive . though lillian gave her ted talk in 2014 , it was only posted on youtube three weeks ago . since then , the clip has generated nearly 38,000 views - and plenty of positive feedback . 'i’ve never been so happy in all my life , ' she wrote for xojane . 'i’ve had this stupid grin on my face for a week straight . ' besides a few ' trolls ' posting vicious negative comments , lillian received a slew of positive messages , including letters of thanks , personal stories , and an email from a teenage girl who watched the video with her younger sister and said it made them reevaluate the way they viewed their bodies . ' i really think we - and by `` we '' i mean nice people and body-positivity - are winning , ' she said .

#reference: 
at 240lbs , lillian bustle says she 's not being negative when she calls herself ' fat ' - she is just being factual .
she says she likes performing burlesque because it helps open people up to liking different body types .
the dancer says she 's thrilled at the positive reception her ted talk has received , adding that she believes it means 'body-positivity ' is working .

#baseline: 
lillian bay , new jersey , revealed that she is ' UNK ' and ' fat ' .
she says the word does n't have to be used as a UNK for ' ugly ' .
she says the word does n't have to be a ' UNK for ugly ' .

#pointer-generator: 
burlesque performer lillian bustle explained in her ted talk that ' fat ' is just another word - and using it does n't have to be an insult .
during her lecture , lillian explained that ' fat ' is just another word - and using it does n't have to be an insult .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
burlesque performer lillian bustle explained in her ted talk that ' fat ' is just another word - and using it does n't have to be an insult .
she insists that the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ' ugly ' .