index: 1978


hash: fd59b743d9cfe8af3f57ddbb554abb3a70c9e0d5


#article: 
derbyshire wicketkeeper tom poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury by signing a new one-year contract extension . poynton , 25 , missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father keith died last april . the former england under-19 international had to undergo an ankle operation but he made his playing comeback during derbyshire 's pre-season tour of abu dhabi . derbyshire wicketkeeper tom poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury . he will be available for the start of the season and has now committed himself to the county until the end of the 2016 season . derbyshire 's elite performance director , graeme welch , said : ' tom has displayed exceptional character since the tragic events that ended his season last april . ' he has worked tirelessly both in training and in his off-the-field role to prepare him for his return and everyone at the club is delighted to see him back on the field playing for derbyshire . ' we hope the new contract will now give him the confidence to go out and express himself this summer . ' he has shown good form since his return to training and in abu dhabi and we hope this continues . ' 

#reference: 
tom poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries .
he made his playing comeback during derbyshire 's pre-season tour .

#baseline: 
england wicketkeeper tom UNK has been rewarded for his return from injury .
former england wicketkeeper tom UNK has been rewarded for his successful return from injury .
UNK has been rewarded for his successful return from injury .

#pointer-generator: 
tom poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries in a road accident in which his father keith died last april .
the former england under-19 international had to undergo an ankle operation but he made his playing comeback during derbyshire 's pre-season tour of abu dhabi .
derbyshire wicketkeeper tom poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
tom poynton , 25 , missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father keith died last april .
the former england under-19 international had to undergo an ankle operation but he made his playing comeback during derbyshire 's pre-season tour of abu dhabi .
he will be available for the start of the season and has now committed himself to the county until the end of the 2016 season .