index: 9150


hash: 6a8597bb5ab89d1f344819422b354685ba22af77


#article: 
a bus driver who was caught reading a newspaper while driving has been slammed by his boss as a ' complete idiot ' . a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand , and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint . in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion . scroll down for video . a bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in auckland , new zealand . as the bus slows to a stop at a set of traffic lights he moves his head to get a good look at one of the pages . ritchies coachlines boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ' idiot ' driver 's actions . ' i am absolutely amazed by how absolutely stupid the guy is . bloody irresponsible behaviour to the first degree , i ca n't believe it , ' mr ritchie told the new zealand herald . ' the people on that bus put their trust in him . he was n't even trying to hide it , he was holding the whole newspaper open , over the steering wheel . ' mr ritchie said the driver would be disciplined , but would not go into detail . a passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint . ritchies coachlines boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ' idiot ' driver 's actions . 

#reference: 
a passenger caught a driver reading the paper on a bus in auckland , nz .
he sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines with a complaint .
his boss said he was embarrassed by the ' idiot ' driver 's actions .

#baseline: 
bus driver caught reading newspaper while driving in auckland , new zealand .
passenger filmed bus as bus slows to a stop at a set of traffic lights .
passenger filmed the driver and sent video to bus company UNK UNK .

#pointer-generator: 
a bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in auckland , new zealand .
the driver sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint .
in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand .
in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion .
ritchies boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ' idiot ' driver 's actions .