index: 4980


hash: 39a4d998085ab7b5d7bfe868494b16853f0c3ac8


#article: 
jack grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career rather than his international future , according to tim sherwood . sherwood has been impressed with the 19-year-old who starred for villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday and is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland and england . but sherwood wants grealish to focus on continuing to force his way into the villa first team . jack grealish takes on liverpool 's emre can at wembley during aston villa 's 2-1 victory at wembley . grealish ( centre ) impressed against liverpool and is wanted by the republic of ireland and england . 'it’s up to jack where he wants to go . it’s purely up to him . what i’ve got to do is make sure he’s got that decision to make . he must be doing something right for aston villa if he’s got those options . that’s my priority , ' sherwood told talksport . ' then it’s up to jack to decide where he wants to go . i had the same situation with nabil bentaleb [ at tottenham ] , who could have played for france but decided to pick algeria . i did have a chat with him and he asked me what to do . i just said : `` you’ve got to go with your heart . do you think you’re french or algerian ? '' 'that’s the decision he had to make and now jack has got to make that decision . he has to play a few more times for aston villa before he needs to make that decision . when some kids come and play with the first team sometimes , they’re a bit overawed , but jack’s not . ' he receives the ball and dribbles it around people . they kick lumps out of him because he’s so confident . the ball is his friend , it sticks to his foot . the more opportunities he gets , the better he’s going to become . ' grealish is expected to choose between ireland and england at the end of the season and sportsmail understands that he is split between the two countries at the moment . grealish 's dad kevin agreed that his son must concentrate on his club football first . ' that is fantastic [ advice ] . he had a good game against [ liverpool ] and a few games decent recently and he has to keep doing that first and the international stuff will come , ' he told talksport . ' it is going to be a difficult decision and it is completely up to jack . ' there is a friendly coming up soon and he could play 45 minutes for ireland and 45 minutes for england . grealish ( left ) has played for the republic of ireland 's youth teams but england will hope to turn his head . tim sherwood celebrates villa 's win over liverpool and wants more of the same from grealish . 

#reference: 
jack grealish is wanted by the republic of ireland and england .
tim sherwood wants the 19-year-old to focus on playing more for villa .
grealish will make a decision over international future at end of the season .

#baseline: 
jack grealish has been impressed with the 19-year-old aston villa side .
the irishman impressed against liverpool and is wanted by the republic of ireland and england .
he has been impressed against liverpool and is wanted by the republic of ireland .

#pointer-generator: 
jack grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career rather than his international future .
sherwood is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland and england .
sherwood is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland and england .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
jack grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career .
sherwood is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland .
but sherwood wants grealish to focus on continuing to force his way into the villa first team .