index: 9091


hash: be1e7611899cfded70a3320df97e34f7ad89a28c


#article: 
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter . the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ' the notorious ' has now revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach . ' if you see the tiger , it 's too late . you 're food , ' mcgregor wrote next to the instagram post of his new artwork . conor mcgregor reveals his new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach to his instagram followers . mcgregor ( left ) poses in the shop with a fan shortly after having his tattoo on his stomach done . mcgregor is challenging jose aldo for his featherweight champion title in las vegas on july 11 . aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against the irish fighter in las vegas , but mcgregor claimed last week that the man he is challenging lacks the same motivation as him . ' he does n't want to be near me , he does n't want this the way i want it , ' mcgregor said . ' he ca n't hide the fact he does n't want the belt in his presence . ' conor mcgregor grabbed aldo 's ( left ) belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin . mcgregor claims he has greater motivation to win the title than aldo has to defend it for the eighth time . at the end of march , the duo were undergoing a promotional tour in dublin when mcgregor grabbed the belt from aldo and raised it in front of 5,000 home supporters . the pair have a fractious relationship as it is , with a little under three months away until mcgregor has a chance to legitimately hold the belt before his supporters .

#reference: 
conor mcgregor shared a picture of his new tiger tattoo on his stomach .
the 26-year-old mcgregor is set to challenge jose aldo on july 11 .
mcgregor grabbed aldo 's featherweight champion belt in dublin .
click here for all the latest ufc news .

#baseline: 
conor mcgregor is challenging jose aldo on july 11 .
the 26-year-old has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart tattoo .
mcgregor is challenging jose aldo for featherweight title challenge .
mcgregor is challenging jose aldo for featherweight title challenge .

#pointer-generator: 
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 .
the 26-year-old has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ' the notorious ' has revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter .
the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ' the notorious ' has now revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach .
mcgregor is challenging jose aldo for his featherweight champion title in las vegas on july 11 .