index: 7710


hash: 734cd8f9a85be5f7730af41356b18c359eafffdc


#article: 
it 's said eating slowly helps bring the taste and texture of foods to the foreground . but cooper the labrador certainly does n't care about being a culinary connoisseur , as a new video shows . katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . gallegos , who runs dogpatch resort , says that cooper always eats very quickly . therefore , she always makes sure daisy gets her fill first before offering the meal on . to date the video of cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times . weekly treat : katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take cooper the dog ( right ) to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . dining etiquette : but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . while some viewers have deemed the scene ' cute ' and ' hilarious ' , others have criticized gallegos for feeding her pups the creamy treat . however , the animal-lover who runs a dog resort , insists that it 's perfectly fine . in response to comments , she wrote : ' i love that so many people are concerned . . . cooper is quite the athlete and in amazing health . ' i lost my sammy ( a large breed mutt ) last year at 19 years old ... he had an ice cream about once a week like cooper . down in one bite : gallegos says that cooper always eats very quickly . fan club : to date the video of cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times . ' little daisy on the other hand , gets only a few licks every now and again because of her size . ' it seems that the two canines have quite a penchant for fast food . indeed , another video shows the duo visiting a starbucks for a 'pup-uccino ' . again , cooper takes the whole cup away in his mouth to demolish the contents . gallegos notes that the beverage does not contain any coffee and is merely a dollop of ' whip cream in a cup ' .

#reference: 
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .
but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .
gallegos says ice cream is a weekly treat for her pets .

#baseline: 
the labrador , from idaho , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .
when the small female pup takes a few koala licks , cooper UNK the rest of the cone up in one bite .

#pointer-generator: 
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .
but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take cooper the dog to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .
but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .