index: 5783


hash: 645151ff5ad91e63c930d77bdf2f487b4e2b298b


#article: 
it seems an accepted trend that chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas struggles during the second half of the season and the spanish midfielder was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country 's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday . the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week but his form has significantly dipped from that of the player who , around christmas , looked a dead-cert to break the barclays premier league record for assists . on tuesday - his first international appearance since october - he was given just four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper and while his season is likely to end in success with the premier league title following a capital one cup win , questions remain about fabregas ' durability . cesc fabregas ( right ) captained spain on tuesday but his poor form continued as they lost 2-0 in holland . the chelsea midfielder struggled to make an impact in midfield as the european champions fell to defeat . after a brilliant start to the season at stamford bridge , the spaniard 's form has dropped off somewhat of late . ' i 'm playing almost every minute of every match ( with chelsea ) and that 's what makes me happy , ' he said this week . but a long , intense campaign on his return to england is taking its toll on the spaniard . chelsea manager jose mourinho will have been concerned to see his player toiling in midfield for the full 90 minutes at the amsterdam arena , adding to the fatigue that seems to have seen his role as a key man in the blues ' title charge decline of late . fabregas captained the european champions in the dutch capital but struggled to make any real impact against manchester united 's daley blind or goalscorer davy klaassen . jose mourinho will be demanding more from his deep-lying playmaker in the premier league run-in . diego costa and fabregas enjoyed a great start together and linked up again in chelsea 's 3-2 win at hull city . fabregas was brilliant for chelsea in their big win away at swansea city in january but has struggled since . after his £30million transfer to chelsea last summer , fabregas ' former club barcelona released a statement that pointed at his traditional post-christmas slump . ' there has been a downward trend in his stats every season at the club , ' it read . ' despite glowing starts to each campaign , cesc 's contributions to the cause gradually decreased as each season drew to a close . ' from being someone who joined in with the attack , supplying and scoring goals , the magic tended to fade later on in each season . ' and it seems to have rung true on the stats front . having picked up 15 premier league assists by mid-january , he has just one in five games he has played since , and just four in 15 appearances for club and country in 2015 . thierry henry 's record of 20 had looked almost certain to fall but given his current form , fabregas is now on track to fall just short . however , with nine games to play chelsea are still to face six opponents who their key man in midfield has laid on goals against . fabregas ' former team-mate thierry henry ( right ) holds the record for assists in a premier league season . henry managed 20 assists in the 2002-03 season and fabregas looked set to beat that haul before his slump . when he left barcelona , the club commented on fabregas ' unwanted reputation for a late-season slump . their opponents on saturday , stoke city , as well as queens park rangers , manchester united , arsenal , leicester city and west bromwich albion have all been opened up by fabregas ' passing ability this season , while he scored in chelsea 's 2-0 win over crystal palace in october . the personal accolade will be important to the midfielder , but more key is the boost it could give to his club . chelsea could need as many as six wins from their remaining nine games , and if fabregas finds form again the premier league title could be wrapped up within weeks . mourinho will hope his assist for diego costa in chelsea 's last game against hull city is a sign of a late-season resurgence to prove any doubters wrong . fabregas laid on an assist for costa in chelsea 's 3-2 win over hull city , but that was his first in five games . mourinho is looking to guide his team over the line in the premier league title race , with fabregas a key cog .

#reference: 
cesc fabregas ' poor form continued for spain against holland on tuesday .
chelsea midfielder captained his country but they lost 2-0 in amsterdam .
if his form goes on he will not match premier league assists record .
thierry henry 's mark of 20 in 2002-03 is four more than fabregas ' total .
a resurgence in his form could help his club wrap up the premier league .
fabregas : i am going through a great moment at chelsea .
click here for all the latest chelsea news .

#baseline: 
cesc fabregas captained spain on tuesday night in the premier league .
the midfielder was given just four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper .
the midfielder was given just four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper .
he was given just four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper and was given four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper .

#pointer-generator: 
cesc fabregas was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country 's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday .
the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week but has significantly dipped from that of the player who , around christmas , looked a dead-cert to break the barclays premier league record for assists .
after a brilliant start to the season at stamford bridge , the spaniard 's form has dropped off somewhat of late .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
cesc fabregas captained spain on tuesday but his poor form continued .
the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week .
he was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country 's 2-0 defeat by holland .