index: 4933


hash: 1775f8821d8b1fb7b1781e754e8666facf808981


#article: 
big beauty : tibetan mastiffs can weigh 80kg . just a year ago they could command prices of up to £1.2million each . but tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses – and their meat put into cheap hotpots . the dogs ' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown . previously , wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions . luo yi , general manager of china 's largest tibetan mastiff puppy farm , told people 's daily online : ' the anti-corruption drive means people not daring to hand them out as gifts - nor would anyone take one as a gift . ' it is also thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg in several chinese cities - including beijing , zhengzhou , shanghai and tianjin - has had a huge impact on the breed 's popularity . tibetan mastiffs – which were traditionally used in tibet to herd other animals and are known for their loyalty - can weigh up to 80kg . china 's mastiff market collapse was revealed after animal-welfare workers rescued a group of the dogs that were being transported to a slaughterhouse . the abattoir they were heading to provides hotpot meat for restaurants . the dogs ' skin can also be used for leather belts . rescuers said they found the 20 mastiffs in cramped cages . a third of the dogs were already dead and none had been given food or water for three days . several were suffering from broken bones . shocking trade : twenty tibetan mastiffs were recently found crammed into cages on their way to a slaughterhouse like the dogs in this picture - taken on a motorway in the chinese capital beijing in 2009 . it is feared that across china hundreds of the dogs are meeting such a cruel fate . mastiffs are also being stolen from the streets by ruthless gangs , who sell them to the slaughterhouses , say animal charities . unscrupulous breeders are also offloading their ' imperfect ' specimens to the abattoirs . luo yi , whose puppy farm is in tibet , said some of his fellow breeders had damaged the quality of the breed to make more money . ' driven by profits there was a lot of cross-breeding which resulted in a deterioration of the tibetan mastiff in terms of appearance as well as temperament , ' he explained . there was now a glut of poor-quality dogs that ca n't be sold , he added . loyal : tibetan mastiffs , like the one here , were originally used by people in tibet to herd other animals . in their heyday : a visitor plays with one of the dogs at a tibetan mastiff show in shenyang city four years ago . meanwhile , chen youjun a specialist in tibetan mastiff photography , said : ' the rapid pace of urbanisation across china has made more and more people now realise tibetan mastiffs are not animals well-suited to city living . ' the breed 's boom began in 2005 and led to the dogs being seen as status symbols . just 13 months ago one puppy sold for £1.2million , which is thought to be the highest price ever paid for a dog . a property develop bought the golden-haired one-year-old from breeder zhang gengyun in the eastern province of zhejiang . mr zhang said of his dogs : ' they have lion 's blood and are top-of-the-range mastiff studs . ' most expensive dog in the world : the gold-maned tibetan mastiff pup ( left ) sold last year in east china for £1.2million . the red pup of the same breed ( right ) fetched nearly £600,000 . the dogs are seen with a model . 

#reference: 
tibetan mastiffs had been status symbols for china 's wealthiest .
they were given as gifts to grateful officials by businessmen .
one puppy was sold for £1.2million to a property developer last year .
but an anti-corruption drive means the breed is now shunned .
instead the dogs are sold to abattoirs for their meat and skin .

#baseline: 
tibetan UNK laws are being partly blamed on chinese government 's UNK anti-corruption crackdown .
UNK , shanghai and catalonia are also being stolen from the streets by ruthless gangs , who sell them to the UNK .

#pointer-generator: 
tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses .
luo yi , general manager of china 's largest tibetan mastiff puppy farm , told people 's online : ' the anti-corruption drive means people not daring to hand them out as gifts - nor would anyone take one as a gift ' .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses .
tibetan mastiffs has had a huge impact on the breed 's popularity .
mastiffs are also being stolen from the streets by ruthless gangs .