index: 302


hash: 9dd47572c19820a82c1ec52db92a801c10b5b93c


#article: 
( cnn ) he was known as the american mouthpiece of al qaeda , speaking against his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization that 's devoted blood and resources to attacking it . but not anymore . the white house announced thursday that adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation . neither he nor ahmed farouq -- another u.s. citizen and al qaeda operative who died in what the white house said was `` likely a separate '' operation -- was specifically targeted , according to the statement . warren weinstein , a u.s. citizen who was abducted by al qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , died along with another hostage , italian giovanni lo porto , in the attack that killed farouq , according to the white house . white house : u.s. hostage killed in strike on al qaeda . while he was n't one of al qaeda 's top leaders , gadahn was one of its most prominent members , given his many statements on behalf of the organization . also known as azzam the american , he was born in 1978 . his parents changed their name from pearlman to gadahn after their marriage . he grew up on a farm in rural california and at age 18 moved in with his paternal grandparents , who were jewish . he converted to islam in 1995 and left the united states for pakistan three years later . his father said gadahn last contacted the family in 2002 . a former al qaeda member who later grew disillusioned with the group told cnn terrorism analyst paul cruickshank that he was tasked with greeting gadahn at peshawar airport in september 1998 . gadahn , who 'd just just turned 20 , had taken flights from the united states to london , then on to karachi and peshawar . the former operative planned to take gadahn to a pizzeria after he landed , before accompanying him by bus to al qaeda 's encampments in afghanistan . but gadahn told him he 'd been longing for some afghan food , so they went to an afghan restaurant instead before setting out on the road . the former operative said that after gadahn joined al qaeda , he was known as abu suhayb . in the years after 9/11 , gadahn rose through the ranks in the tribal areas of pakistan , becoming its chief official english-language propagandist . he emerged in the mid-2000s on al qaeda videos , including ones threatening attacks on los angeles and melbourne , australia . at first he was disguised . sometimes he spoke in english , but in other videos he spoke in arabic . he urged muslims to target american , western and jewish interests with hopes of toppling the regime in pakistan , according to site , a group that monitors terrorists and terror activity online . a federal grand jury in california indicted gadahn in 2006 for treason and material support to al qaeda , charges related to his alleged involvement in terrorist activities that included `` providing aid and comfort '' and other services to al qaeda , the fbi said . he was among the fbi 's `` most wanted terrorists . '' in 2007 , he appeared on another al qaeda video in which he warned america to end its involvement in the affairs of predominantly muslim countries . `` your failure to heed our demands ... means that you and your people will ... experience things which will make you forget about the horrors of september 11 , afghanistan and iraq and virginia tech , '' he said , the last reference being to the mass shooting at the virginia university in 2007 . in separate videos over the years , he criticized president george w. bush and president barack obama , whom he called `` a devious , evasive and serpentine american president with a muslim name . '' he also addressed his jewish ancestry and tore up his u.s. passport on camera . gadahn appeared in videos commemorating the 9/11 attacks , some which included al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri . he urged muslims in the united states to stage their own lone-wolf attacks . `` america is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms , '' he said . `` you can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle without a background check and most likely without having to show an identification card . so what are you waiting for ? '' in other videos , he called nidal hasan , the army officer sentenced to death in the 2009 shootings at fort hood , texas , `` the ideal role model for every repentant muslim in the armies of the unbelievers and apostate regimes , '' and praised the 2012 killing of u.s . ambassador chris stevens in benghazi , libya . his final video was posted online in september 2014 by al qaeda media wing al sahab . he called for muslims to work to overthrow governments in saudi arabia and pakistan . cruickshank said gadahn had begun to play an increasingly prominent institutional role inside al qaeda . among the documents recovered from osama bin laden 's compound in abbottabad after bin laden 's death was a 2011 letter from gadahn making recommendations for al qaeda 's media strategy . gadahn was married to a muslim woman from afghanistan and reportedly had at least one child . cnn 's steve almasy contributed to this report .

#reference: 
in his final known video , adam gadahn called for governments of pakistan and saudi arabia to be overthrown .
he was raised in california and said he was of jewish ancestry .
he converted to islam in 1995 , left u.s. in 1998 and joined al qaeda , becoming a spokesman .

#baseline: 
adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation .
he was killed along with another hostage , a u.s. citizen , who was born in 1978 .
he converted to islam in 1995 and left the united states for pakistan three years later .

#pointer-generator: 
adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation .
neither he nor ahmed farouq , another u.s. citizen and al qaeda operative who died in what the white house said gadahn was `` likely a separate '' operation .
warren weinstein , a u.s. citizen who was abducted by al qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , died along with another hostage , italian giovanni lo porto .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation .
neither he nor ahmed farouq -- another u.s. citizen and al qaeda operative who died in 1978 .
gadahn was one of its most prominent members .