index: 4876


hash: 4b9a72bde1cf3fa3f24761a3756e91d4a9999c50


#article: 
martin skrtel has praised the impact steven gerrard has had upon him since arriving at anfield in 2008 but believes liverpool can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing him . reds captain gerrard is set to feature for liverpool in the fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley on sunday , looking to lead his hometown side into the final against arsenal . should liverpool emerge victorious against villa , gerrard will sign off his anfield career in the final which takes place on his birthday of may 30 , before moving to la galaxy . martin skrtel ( left ) says departing liverpool captain steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world . gerrard is aiming to end his liverpool career by making the fa cup final and beating arsenal . skrtel ( right ) has praised the impact and example gerrard has set during his time at liverpool . srktel believes gerrard is synonymous with liverpool and that the midfielder is still one of the game 's leading stars . ' in my eyes he is still one of the best players in the world , ' skrtel told goal.com . ' when you say liverpool it 's always steven gerrard . it will be different next season and liverpool will never be the same . ' skrtel was signed by rafael benitez from zenit st petersburg seven years ago and despite some indifferent form upon arriving in england , the slovakia international has gone on to become a mainstay in liverpool 's defence . skrtel revealed that gerrard helped him to settle at the beginning of his time at the club . ' i can say only good things about him , ' skrtel said . ' from the first day i came to liverpool he was here to help me . he gave me a hand every single day with everything i needed . i need to say thanks for that . ' while skrtel admits liverpool will be a different side without gerrard among their ranks , he believes the club have potential replacements to the iconic no 8 . skrtel ( left ) still considers 34-year-old midfield player gerrard one of the best players in the world . skrtel ( left ) believes liverpool have the players to fill gerrard 's void providing they are given the right help . ' he will be leaving after this season and we have a few players who can replace him . we will try to help them and try to work as a team , ' skrtel explained . both gerrard and skrtel could return to the liverpool line-up for the match against villa after both served three-match bans for violent conduct in the 2-1 defeat to manchester united in march .

#reference: 
steven gerrard will leave liverpool for la galaxy at the end of the season .
martin skrtel has praised the impact gerrard has had on him at liverpool .
skrtel believes the club do have players that could eventually replace him .

#baseline: 
martin skrtel believes liverpool can overcome difficult challenge .
liverpool captain steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world .
liverpool captain steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world .

#pointer-generator: 
steven gerrard is set to feature for liverpool in the fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley on sunday .
martin skrtel has praised the impact and example gerrard has set during his time at liverpool .
skrtel was signed by rafael benitez from zenit st petersburg seven years ago .

#pointer-gen-coverage: 
martin skrtel has praised the impact and example gerrard has set during his time at liverpool .
reds captain gerrard is aiming to end his liverpool career by making the fa cup final and beating arsenal .
skrtel was signed by rafael benitez from zenit st petersburg seven years ago .