index: 10130


hash: 177ba23a953736dfeb180c04da950cdbcd998604


#article: 
three people have been sent to prison and another two are awaiting sentencing for their roles in a horrific assault on a 53-year-old man , who was beaten , tied to a chair , and covered in offensive tattoos .
a philadelphia court heard thursday that corry ` corey ' campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of the gang , who have become known as the ` tattoo terrorists ' .
campbell believed the victim , greg valecce , had hurt his cat , pebbles .
valecce , an unemployed drug addict , had been staying in the basement of campbell 's mother 's house in mayfair , in the city 's northeast , however that basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days .
torture chamber : corry ` corey ' campbell , 21 ( left ) , the ringleader of a gang dubbed the ` tattoo terrorists ' was jailed for 20 years thursday for the abuse in march/april 21 .
david harrison ( right ) is awaiting sentencing
accomplices : sandra ng , 19 ( left ) , campbell 's girlfriend , was sentenced to 23 months in state prison for her role in the shocking assault last year , while another defendant jennifer pratt , 40 , is awaiting trial
campbell apparently discovered that pebbles had suffered a broken leg and had reason to believe valecce was responsible .
the incident occurred in late march 2014 , according to philly.com .
campbell , his girlfriend sandra ng , 19 , and friend carl halin , 18 , cornered valecce in the basement and took turns punching , slapping and spitting on him .
on top of hurting pebbles , campbell believed valecce had also stolen money and some weed .
the trio , described by the paper as ` wannabe gangsters ' , filmed the abuse , with the video played in court this week .
` please stop , ' valecce could be heard saying while crying into his hands .
` please , please stop . '
ng could be heard in every video screaming at valecce to stand up , so she could pummel him and call him a ` b -- ' .
after valecce was beaten he was tied to a chair .
while restrained campbell tattooed ` rip pebbles ' onto his right arm along with a smiley face that had breasts for eyes and a penis for a nose .
halin then took over the tattoo gun .
he inked swastikas , stars of david , two variations of the n-word and a penis ejaculating on a rainbow with the words ` gay pride ' beside it , philly.com reported .
valecce suffered three busted ribs , two broken wrists and fractured bones in his face .
he was able to escape on april 1 while the others slept and contact police .
the incident lasted about 42 hours , the court was told .
scene : the abuse occurred in the basement of a rowhouse on brighton ave , mayfair in north philadelphia
during a search of the house , police allegedly found a tattoo gun , needles , ink vials and related paraphernalia , along with 155 grams of marijuana , several bottles of prescription drugs and valecce 's debit card , which he claimed had been stolen from him .
valecce has since had the tattoos removed , with a local parlor giving him free service , but says the incident has left him with irrevocable damage .
` i 'm scared to go outside now , ' valecce told common pleas court judge charles ehrlich thursday .
i ca n't sleep . '
all three were charged with aggravated assault , conspiracy and false imprisonment .
campbell 's attorney said his client had a rough childhood , with his father leaving , suicide attempts and dependencies on xanax and weed .
he was sentenced to 20 years in state prison .
halin received the same sentence for what he did to valecce .
ng , whose attorney who said she had fallen in with the wrong people at school , was sentenced to 23 months in a state prison .
another man involved , david thomas , 28 , is awaiting sentencing , while another defendant jennifer pratt , 40 , is awaiting trial .

#reference: 
greg valecce , 53 , had swastikas , stars of david , two variations of the n-word , a penis and other offensive symbols tattooed on his arms .  also suffered three broken ribs , both broke wrists and fractured facial bones .  incident occurred in mayfair , philadelphia , in march/april 2014 .  corry ` corey ' campbell , 21 , believed valecce had harmed his cat .  campbell and four others tortured valecce for three days .  campbell was sentenced to 20 years prison , along with friend carl halin , 18 .  his girlfriend received sandra ng , 18 , received 23 months .  two others are awaiting sentencing . 

#decode: 
corry ` corey ' campbell , 21 , was sentenced to 23 months in state prison for her role in the abuse in march/april 21 .  campbell believed the victim had hurt his cat , pebbles .  valecce , an unemployed drug addict , had been staying in the basement of campbell 's mother 's house in mayfair . 