index: 9230


hash: 0fa083cb7da10f1f697e7dab6210397f00c0a4cf


#article: 
an argument between two brisbane neighbours over noise levels has ended in tragedy with one man dead and another charged with manslaughter .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama , 28 , during a row in front of their north brisbane homes .
mr yeaman was reportedly in his yard on muller road making a lot of noise at around 9 pm thursday night .
phillip pama covered his face as he left brisbane magistrate courts where he was granted conditional bail on friday
pama , a married father of three , works a 3 am shift at a nearby warehouse and was sleeping at the time mr yeaman was making a commotion .
pama 's defence lawyer bruce peters said mr yeaman was known for getting drunk , playing loud music and yelling at ` the world at large ' .
pama then confronted mr yeaman and it was at that point the situation escalated .
mr peters said his client grabbed his neighbour by the hand and hit out ` blindly ' .
` he was being pushed at the same time he was throwing the punch , ' mr peters revealed during a bail application for pama .
` he did n't see it connect but he felt it connect . '
the father of three allegedly killed his 55-year-old neighbour with one punch after he refused to turn his music down
paramedics were unable to revive mr yeaman who was pronounced dead at the scene at around 11 pm on thursday night .
neighbours described mr yeaman as king and generous while his friend john fisher told abc radio he was a schizophrenic pensioner who enjoyed playing loud music .
pama shielded his face from reporters outside brisbane magistrate courts when he was granted bail on friday .
the samoan man was ordered to surrender his passport , aherre to a curfew from 6 pm to 2 am and will have to report to the local police station twice a week .
pama , who has no history of violence , was reportedly ` beside himself ' with grief .
the case is due to return to court on may 18 .

#reference: 
two men got in an argument about noise levels on thursday night . 
 a scuffle broke out and phillip pama struck leon yeaman once in the head . 
 mr yeaman could not be revived and was announced dead at the scene . 
 pama has no history of violence and is reportedly ` beside himself ' 
 his defence lawyer said he hit out ` blindly ' and did n't see his punch connect . 
 pama was granted conditional bail and is set to return to court may 18 . 


#decode: 
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama , 28 , during a row in front of their north brisbane homes . 
 mr yeaman was granted conditional bail on friday . 
 he was ordered to return to court on may 18 . 
