index: 5282


hash: 2e4a2ba2e44cfa422a7f3f65cc5c30916944a361


#article: 
an off-duty secret service agent was arrested this morning in washington d.c. after allegedly attempting to break into a house at midnight .
agent arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30 am on friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. by the metropolitan police .
he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property .
residential : baldwin was arrested here , on the 3200 block of d street se , not long after midnight friday
the metropolitan police department told dailymail.com that baldwin was arrested by officers returning to the scene of the alleged crime , on the 3200 block of d street se .
the agency revoked baldwin 's security clearance and put him on leave in light of the arrest .
he was posted with the foreign missions branch of the service , which works with
the agency revoked his security clearance and put baldwin on leave when the arrest emerged .
agent baldwin is posted to the foreign missions branch , which is attached to the state department and deals with the united states ' diplomatic activities .
court records show baldwin was to be arraigned friday afternoon .
the records do not list an attorney for baldwin and a telephone number could not be located .
baldwin 's arrest comes two days after a high-ranking supervisor was also put on leave after he was accused of misconduct in a case that is also being investigated by police .
the homeland security department 's inspector general is investigating the allegations of misconduct by the supervisor .
baldwin 's arrest and the earlier allegation of misconduct are the latest black eyes for the agency responsible for protecting the president and his family .
the inspector general is already investigating a march 4 incident in which two high-ranking agency officials are accused of driving into a secure area at the white house after a night of drinking .

#reference: 
agent arthur baldwin arrested in south-east washington at 12:30 am friday . 
 charged with a felony charge of first-degree attempted burglary . 
 agent baldwin , posted to foreign missions branch , was placed on leave . 
 secret service bosses also suspended his security clearance . 


#decode: 
agent arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30 am on friday on a residential street in washington d.c. 
 he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property . 
 baldwin was arrested by officers returning to the scene of the alleged crime , on the 3200 block of d street se . 
 baldwin 's arrest comes two days after a high-ranking supervisor was also put on leave . 
