index: 7504


hash: 5dd088b09bf0ea3ad0603d8bc44ef846086cc22a


#article: 
this is the amazing scene as a freelance photographer risks his life to capture an image of a hungry lion from just a few feet away .
fearless atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance .
mr saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames .
atif saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground
armed only with a camera , mr saeed , managed to capture a couple of frames before retreating to safety
unfortunately , the clicking sound of the camera 's shutter alerted the lion to mr saeed 's presence , who was forced to retreat quite rapidly from just 10 feet away from the lion .
he said : ` i was sitting in front of him just near my car and the door of my car was open .
i was sat on ground few feet away , so he was treating me like his prey .
` i was thinking - i must show the character and status of lion and this was the only way i could think of to achieve this .
` the story finished in few seconds as the lion aggressively jumped towards me and i just about scrambled into my car .
' was laughing at that time , but now when i think back about the incident i do n't think i would be able to do it again .
it was a pretty close encounter . '

#reference: 
photographer atif saeed crept to within ten feet of the hungry male lion . 
 fearless mr saeed left the safety of his car to sit on the ground for the shot . 
 as soon as the camera captured the image , mr saeed had to flee for his life . 
 the lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car 's door . 


#decode: 
atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance . 
 mr saeed got out of his car and fired off the hunter armed only with a camera . 
 atif saeed crept to within 10 feet of the lion . 
