index: 6603


hash: cf44e8a1c324e7c901272c8fab2d26045bb546c0


#article: 
tom o'carroll , a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange ( above ) , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off
a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange , which campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off .
tom o'carroll , a former open university information officer and formerly a key activist for pie , attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation .
the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation .
it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press , as recommended by the leveson inquiry .
the news that o'carroll is a backer of hacked off will be an embarrassment to the group .
pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised and formed an alliance with the national council for civil liberties ( nccl ) .
the nccl lobbied parliament for the age of sexual consent to be cut to ten as long as the child ` understood the nature of the act ' and apparently consented .
the group also wanted incest to be legalised .
o'carroll was on the nccl 's gay rights sub-committee .
the 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for ` corrupting public morals ' .
he wrote a blog after the february meeting , chaired by comedian john cleese , confirming his attendance .
a hacked off spokesman said that the meeting was ` open to and free for all members of the public to attend ' .
o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation , which john cleese ( left ; right in fawlty towers ) chaired

#reference: 
tom o'carroll went to rally in houses of parliament on february 25 . 
 69-year-old former key activist jailed in 1981 for ` corrupting public morals ' 
 pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised . 
 his attendance at the meeting is likely to be an embarrassment for group . 


#decode: 
tom o'carroll , a former open university information officer , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off . 
 it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press . 
 pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised . 
