index: 11193


hash: ae134b1a956e7c025d4aa623c06af0cd206bef18


#article: 
chinese parents are passionate about raising child prodigies - whether they are 10-year-old university entrants or four-year-old michael jackson dance-alikes .
now a new basketball superstar is on the rise .
a viral video is making the rounds in china , which shows a small boy displaying a dazzling array of basketball skills that would put to shame many professional players .
the five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old , reported the people 's daily online .
the video starts off with the pint-sized player scoring a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs .
his eyes are focused on the camera while handling two basketballs at the same time and still he did n't lose rhythm once .
his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china .
the country 's biggest basketball star so far has been shanghai-born yao ming , who played for nba 's houston rockets from 2002 to 2011 .
talented : five-year-old mai zizhuo shows his outstanding basketball skills in a viral video
skilful : the pint-sized player scored a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs
praised : his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across china
stunned by mai 's potential , netizens in china leave comments by the thousands .
lakers fan ` siu720 ' said : ` i ca n't believe it ... ... .
it must be special effects ! '
` nickwooster ' from fujian simply asking : ` who is his father ? '
others feel ashamed of their own basketball skills in comparison to the kid .
` cubex ' from hunan posted : ` i want to reincarnate and start over again !
what have i been doing for the past 32 years ? '

#reference: 
mai zizhou has been trained to play basketball since 2.5 years old . 
 video shows him shooting the hoops and dribbling two basketballs . 
 his incredible skills have won him legions of fans around china . 


#decode: 
chinese parents called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . 
 now a new basketball star is on the rise in china . 
 lakers fan ` siu720 ' says he ca n't believe it . 
