index: 6572


hash: e2df23a9f991076e850fb410c337bbd5e20edd05


#article: 
looking after elderly parents can be difficult at the best of times .
but this man takes caring for his alzheimer 's - suffering mother to another level .
a security guard from china has touched hearts across the country because he takes his 84-year-old mother with him to work on the back of his motorbike every single day , reported the people 's daily online .
lu xincai , who lives in zhejiang province in eastern china , says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease .
devoted : lu xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day .
he ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she does n't fall off
she would often go up to the mountains to collect firewood and there were a few occasions when she got lost after dark .
when mr lu 's father passed away earlier this year , he decided to take his mother with him to work because there was no one else who could look after her .
his wife works in a different city and his son is still in school .
after helping his mother to get up at 5 am every morning , he puts her on the back seat of his motorbike and ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure that she does not fall off .
mr lu said that he rides the four kilometres to work slowly to make sure his mother feels safe and so that they can chat along the way .
the whole journey takes an hour .
even when at work he checks up on his mother , who has been given her own room by his employers , a bank , to make sure that she has not wandered off somewhere .
he said that his mother devoted her life to caring for her children , and now he feels like he has a duty to care for her in return .
vulnerable : his elderly mother suffers from alzheimer 's and used to get lost when she was left alone
he said : ` i was an apple in my mum 's eye , and now she 's my apple . '
` our mother carried us on her back to the fields when she went to work on the farm and collect firewood when we were young . '
he added : ` only if i see her will i feel relaxed .
otherwise i would be afraid is she had wandered away . '

#reference: 
lu xincai says no one else can look after his 84-year-old mother . 
 she used to get lost after dark when she went to collect firewood . 
 now she goes with him to work on the backseat of his motorbike . 
 he ties her to him with a sash to make sure she does not fall off . 
 she 's now been given her own room at the bank where he works . 


#decode: 
lu xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day . 
 the security guard says he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease . 
 he takes his mother with him to work on his back every day . 
