index: 822


hash: b2ea557d2f4ccbe36837fcb48b754ceb03088f4d


#article: 
a three-bedroom apartment in one of the most expensive areas to live in britain has been put on the market for just £ 575,000 - but the ` bargain ' property comes with a catch .
the knightsbridge flat , london , which is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes , has just three years left on the lease .
the cost would work out at £ 191,000 per year , or £ 15,000 per month - which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area .
the entrance to the flats in one of the most expensive areas to live in britain where a three-bedroom apartment has been put on the market for just £ 575,000
but if any buyer decides to extend the lease , the property could be worth upwards of £ 6 million .
the ` unmodernised ' maisonette in the in exclusive egerton place , is described as ` bright and well proportioned ' property with 1,990 sq/ft of space .
it boasts three bedrooms , two bathrooms , a reception room and utility room along with a lift , parking and a communal garden .
the property is being sold by russell simpson for £ 575,000 - the same price as a three-bedroom house in stanmore , middlesex .
it is one of two maisonettes being sold with three years remaining on the lease .
both homes will need to be modernised , with the second , larger property - also on egerton place - on the market for £ 595,000 .
the next cheapest three-bedroom property in knightsbridge costs £ 1.5 million , and this flat is only offered with a 28-year lease .
but the property comes with a catch , not only is it in dire need of renovation , ( such as in one of its bedrooms , pictured ) the home has just three years left on the lease
the cost for £ 575,000 on a three year lease would work out at £ 191,000 per year , or £ 15,000 per month - which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area , plus renovation works which are needed , such as in the living room ( pictured )
but if any buyer decides to extend the lease , the ` bright and well proportioned ' property with 1,990 sq/ft of space , could be worth upwards of £ 6 million
jake russell , from russell simpson , said : ` properties like this come up once in a blue moon and i think it is an outstanding opportunity .
` to get properties like this in egerton place is very exciting and the phone has n't stopped ringing , which is quite unusual considering the time of the year with the election around the corner .
` we have had interest from locals , developers and end users .
in modernised condition , we would estimate they would sell for between £ 2,750 and £ 3,000 per sq/ft . '
this gives the smaller property a £ 6 million prices tag , while the larger maisonette with 2,500 sq/ft of space could be worth £ 7.5 million .
the current freeholder is thought to be the welcome trust and any buyer would have to negotiate a lease extension with them and , for a 90-year lease , it is likely to cost between £ 3.35 and £ 4.5 million .
egerton place was built off michael 's grove by john grover and son to the designs of architect mervyn macartney around 1893 .
the properties introduced a higher quality of architecture to the egerton gardens area with each home featuring four main storeys with basements and garrets , finished in costly two-inch bricks of red and orange .
estate agents said it was rare for properties with such short leases to come on the market and the phone ` has n't stopped ringing ' about the egerton place apartment
but alex newall , from hanover private office , had a warning to potential buyers : ` it looks cheap , but there will be a massive premium to pay to extend the lease '
leases of all the homes were granted by the smith 's charity trustees in 1894 , and its first occupant was , sir evan macgregor , permanent secretary to the admiralty .
other residents of high status included the dowager lady lawrence , probably the widow of the first baron lawrence , at no. 5 , and sir henry fielding dickens , q.c. , son of the novelist charles at no. 2 .
one property consultant said it was very rare for a pair of properties to come onto the market with such short leases .
alex newall , from hanover private office , said : ` it looks cheap , but there will be a massive premium to pay to extend the lease .
` a developer will probably buy it or someone might use it as a rental for three years and then give it back to the freeholder .
` it is a very quirky situation .
properties do come up with very short leases like this every so often but it is very rare for somewhere like knightsbridge .
` i know someone who let their lease run down to eight years and they thought ` right , i need to extend it ' , but by then it was too late and the extension was too much .
` let it be a warning to check your lease . '

#reference: 
the knightsbridge flat has been put on the market for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes , at # 575,000 . 
 it has only three years left on lease putting cost at # 15,000 a month - going rate for renting a three-bed in the area . 
 property experts said if a buyer decides to extend the lease , the property could be worth upwards of # 6 million . 
 but renewal would not come cheap with the cost for a new 90-year lease estimated at between # 3.35 and # 4.5 million . 


#decode: 
the knightsbridge flat , london , has just three years left on the lease . 
 the cost would work out at # 191,000 per year , or # 15,000 per month . 
 it boasts three bedrooms , two bathrooms , a reception room and utility room . 
