index: 6380


hash: 7d5b44afe30b34c03f77f0e5ebf5eb88498ee71c


#article: 
( cnn ) tornado sirens blared wednesday night in kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters .
spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of goddard , which is less than 15 miles west of wichita .
that storm moved to the northeast , missing the city , but posing potential risks to other communities .
" there will be storms ... that pop up all night long , " said cnn severe weather expert chad myers .
" nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , are the most dangerous . "
other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern kansas , according to the storm prediction center .
three of the sightings were near aetna , 125 miles southwest of wichita .
kansas was n't the only state affected by the storms .
the national weather service indicated a tornado may have touched down in the small town of potosi , missouri , about 70 miles from st. louis .
cnn affiliate kmov reported that it had received reports of wind damage and flooding in the town .
one instagram user there posted a photo of a fallen tree .
aerial footage also showed damage to roofs and one street overtaken by water .
not far away from potosi , shyler and christin strube in leadington posted an instagram picture of some unusual dark clouds .
and a twitter user in farmington got bad news when he went out to his car .
" they were n't kidding when they said baseball size ( hail ) , " kevin knox wrote .
on thursday , more storms are expected in the midwest , mississippi river valley , tennessee river valley and near the southern great lakes , the weather service said .
cnn 's sean morris and anneclaire stapleton contributed to this report .

#reference: 
kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes .  potosi , missouri , sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding .  thursday 's forecast calls for more storms but to the east . 

#decode: 
new : three of the sightings were near aetna .  new : `` nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , '' spotters expert says .  `` there will be storms pop up all night long , '' a expert says . 