index: 2136


hash: fbc36fefe7ef363b84a11f9fa3257ec3395486b9


#article: 
manuel pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in yaya toure but vowed to back the manchester city midfielder -- at least until the end of the season .
sportsmail revealed city would listen to offers for the ivorian as they look to overhaul an ageing squad at the end of a faltering campaign .
toure is determined not to be forced out but the chilean , speaking ahead of sunday 's visit of west ham , acknowledged the midfielder had underperformed and dismissed claims he should be given a rest .
manchester city midfielder yaya toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season
manuel pellegrini has admitted he has been disappointed by the ivory coast midfielder 's level
` i do n't think he 's happy with his performance this year -- and nor am i , ' said pellegrini .
` he does n't need a break . '
toure , who has two years left on a £ 220,000-a-week deal , has come in for criticism amid the collapse of city 's premier league defence .
but pellegrini , who faces questions over his own future , said the 31-year-old would be backed .
` he 's a very important player and he will have my support until the end of the season , ' he said .
city , who have taken just 18 points from the last available 39 , take on sam allardyce 's side knowing that defeat will leave fifth-placed liverpool with the chance to close the gap to one point with victory at west brom next weekend .
city will also face the hammers without captain vincent kompany , who could miss the rest of the campaign with a muscle injury .
with his manager in the firing line , city goalkeeper joe hart insisted the players should take responsibility .
` people have been disappointed in their own performances , ' said the england no 1 .
` we 've let the manager down a few times and we 've baffled ourselves because we feel like we 've got the quality to beat anyone and that 's not been the case . '
city boss pellegrini has vowed to support toure until at least the end of the season
sportsmail revealed that manchester city will listen to offers for toure in the summer
hart added that pellegrini retained the backing of the dressing room .
` he 's been great , ' hart said .
` he 's hard , he kind of says it how it is and you ca n't ask for much more than that from a manager . '
pellegrini , however , said : ` the players have responsibility but i choose the players . '
meanwhile sam allardyce has warned aaron cresswell not to make the same mistake as others amid interest from chelsea and manchester city .
manchester city want to sign west ham left back aaron cresswell in the summer
sam allardyce has warned cresswell not to make same mistake as other english players by moving to city
allardyce believes the 25-year-old is an attractive prospect after a fine season at west ham and because he can help clubs fill homegrown player quotas .
` jack rodwell and scott sinclair spent time at city but did not play a great deal , ' allardyce wrote in his evening standard column .
` the decision for a player like sinclair is would he be willing to join another club in a permanent deal if it meant less money ? '

#reference: 
sportsmail revealed manchester city would listen to offers for yaya toure .  manuel pellegrini admitted he was not happy about toure 's performances .  but the city boss has vowed to support him until the end of the season .  manchester city face west ham at upton park on sunday .  sam allardyce has warned aaron cresswell about joining manchester city . 

#decode: 
manchester city midfielder yaya toure has been disappointed by the ivory coast midfielder 's level .  manuel pellegrini admits he is disappointed by yaya toure .  toure has come in for criticism for city 's premier league campaign . 