index: 8452


hash: 446fdf91f59be259167ae59b0a3de1a664891751


#article: 
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) her second floor cafe on a dusty industrial road was painted with dashes of psychedelic colors .
and sabeen mahmud surrounded herself there with books , people , and discussions on technology , human rights and women 's entrepreneurship .
introducing others to jimi hendrix , street art , and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed .
but in pakistan , free speech is dangerous , and mahmud 's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide .
two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late friday after she locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night , police said .
mahmud died from five bullet wounds .
the gunmen also shot her mother .
she is in a hospital but is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral .
mahmud 's killing broke hearts beating for non-violence and progressive values across the country .
she freely said what she thought in a place where many people are too afraid to and by doing so spoke for many more people than just herself .
she had become a pakistani figurehead for humanism , love and tolerance .
" she took that torch into the dark forest and so many people followed .
she really , truly was a success story of the heart , " said close friend and bbc journalist ziad zafar .
no one has claimed responsibility for her shooting , and police have not named any motive .
but mahmud had just finished leading a discussion group on a topic that many want silenced , when the shots fell .
in the province of baluchistan , where separatists have fought a virulent insurgency for years , people have been disappearing regularly .
there have been steady allegations of mass abduction .
the lahore university of management sciences planned to host the discussion on the topic , with human rights activist mama qadeer baloch , but authorities shut it down .
mahmud would not hear of it not going on .
" despite the plurality of opinion , very little space seems to be given to the discussion in pakistani mainstream media or academia ; the debate seems to be shut down before it can even begin , " she posted on facebook .
" what is the reality ?
has the media been silenced on balochistan ?
what makes it dangerous for us to talk about pakistan 's largest province at one of our most celebrated universities ? "
she invited the discussion to the second floor , also known by the shorthand t2f .
she said she knew it was a potentially dangerous move , and she had received death threats in the past when she handled the topic before .
" she was the bravest woman in the world , she really was , she was a brave heart ; my god , she was a brave , brave girl , " zafar said .
even in its secluded , humble location , t2f was a magnet to those seeking secular wisdom .
they found it in a homey setting , musingly decorated like a small town college bookstore .
the walls outside its entrance are sprayed with socially critical graffiti -- dusky red hearts float across gray walls .
mahmud waited to greet visitors , many of them young pakistanis seeking freedom of thought , with a hug , a mug and encouragement for pakistan 's future .
" she hoped the same thing we all hoped for , a place that is fair with liberty and justice for all , " zafar said .
grief over her death and gratefulness for her work poured out on social media and via email .
" thanks for giving us the room to breathe when fog pressed heavy on our shoulders .
it 's only been a few hours , sabeen , and the city is already gasping for air , " a group of illustrators called from karachi with love wrote .
an artist drew mahmud puttering off on a vespa scooter wearing pants , a blouse and sandals .
her tightly coiffed short hair and angular glasses framed her bright-eyed features .
missing was a head scarf .
on a wall in t2f is a spray painted technicolor image of marilyn monroe from " the seven year itch , " her white dress replaced by a traditional outfit of mustard , ocher and green .
but it still flew up over her hips , revealing her alabaster legs , a daringly sexy and satirical image .
the artistic expression sticks out and triggers passions , like many things mahmud said and did .

#reference: 
she hosted a controversial discussion on the disappearance of people .  she knew what she was doing was dangerous and had received death threats before .  mahmud loved books , jimi hendrix and discussions about human rights . 

#decode: 
in pakistan , free speech is dangerous .  mahmud died from five bullet wounds .  she is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral . 