index: 2926


hash: afd4850b0018d03732632bcf028961ff9d4d73f9


#article: 
former soldier john young , 66 , has been left blinded in one eye after thugs through a brick at him through his front door when he confronted them about throwing stones at his property in oldham
a newlywed pensioner has been left blinded in one eye after being hit in the face with a brick hurled into his home by vandalising yobs .
former soldier john young , 66 , and his new wife elaine , 54 , were sat in the front room of their home in oldham , greater manchester , when thugs began pelting his front window with stones .
when one brick smashed the glass , mr young went and opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers only to be struck in his left eye by another brick .
he suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye and was taken to hospital .
however , despite undergoing emergency surgery , doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye .
the retired hgv driver , who formerly served with the royal electrical and mechanical engineers during the irish troubles , said he now ` does n't feel safe in his own home ' following the attack last friday .
he said : ` i have lived here nearly all of my life and never had any problems before and i just do n't understand why these people have targeted us .
` we just can not believe what has happened . '
police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs ` messing around ' .
the attack occurred just three weeks after the couple , who have no children and who met just 14 months ago , got married .
they were writing thank you cards for the wedding gifts they had received when their home was targeted at around 11 pm on april 18 .
mrs young , who works for the alzheimer 's society charity , said : ` we were sat down writing all of the thanks you cards .
` it was the first time we had been in the house since our wedding and it was getting late , around 11.20 pm .
mr young and his wife elaine , 54 , were sat in the front room of their home in oldham , greater manchester , when thugs began pelting his front window with stones .
he was targeted when he went to confront them
the offenders threw stones at the living room window ( pictured ) before targeting the front door of the house .
mr young was hit by the brick when he opened to the door to question why they had smashed his windows
the glass panel on the front door of mr young 's house was smashed when bricks were thrown at the property last friday .
mr young was taken to hospital after being hit with a brick but doctors could not save his left eye
` we did see a man outside and then there was a crash as a brick hit the window .
the next minute we knew there was glass shattered all over the hall because a brick had hit the door .
` john opened the door and the man was standing there shouting ` come on , come on ' .
the next minute john is covered in blood .
` i just wish he had never opened the front door .
i had already called 999 and for him to go out was a mistake but it obviously was a natural reaction to what was happening .
` we do n't have any idea why it happened .
we feel like it must have been wrong place , wrong time .
john has never had trouble before and neither of us can understand why these people would do something as low as this .
` i have got a flat in southport so we are moving there now .
i do n't think either of us want to come back after what 's happened .
we are just too scared to live in this neighbourhood . '
detective constable gareth gwilliam , of greater manchester police , said the second brick was thrown ` directly ' at the man but would n't reveal how many offenders were involved in the incident .
he said : ` at this stage , there appears to be no known motive for this attack .
` it might be there is no motive other than the culprits were messing around and for whatever reason thought it would be funny to throw bricks at someone 's house .
the attack occurred just three weeks after mr young married his partner elaine , who he met just 14 months ago .
the couple are pictured on their wedding day at gretna green in dumfries and galloway , scotland
the couple had been sat quietly in the living room of their oldham home writing thank you notes for the gifts they received on their wedding day - just three weeks ago ( pictured ) - when the attack occurred last friday
police said the brick was thrown ` directly ' at mr young when he answered the door of his home ( pictured ) .
officers said there appeared to be no known motive for the attack and said it could be yobs ` messing around '
` however , there is absolutely nothing funny or clever about what they did and as a result of their wanton and reckless actions , this man has been left with a permanent disability and a loss of sight in one eye .
` understandably , he is a mixture of angry and devastated so we need to establish who was responsible for this senseless incident and bring them to justice .
` i would therefore urge anyone who saw anything , or if you suspect who may be involved , to call us immediately . '
anyone with information about the incident should contact police on 101 .

#reference: 
john young , 66 , struck in eye by brick hurled through front door by thugs .  ex-soldier was sat in living room of oldham home when stones hit window .  pensioner opened front door to investigate and was hit in face with a brick .  left blind in one eye and said he now ` does n't feel safe in his own home ' 

#decode: 
john young , 66 , has been left blinded in one eye after being hit in the face with a brick hurled into his home by vandalising yobs .  he suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye and was taken to hospital .  doctors were unable to save his eyesight despite undergoing emergency surgery . 