index: 10641


hash: 29b704a1a12aa09fe42bf475276ab4359f0cf50f


#article: 
terrorists are undergoing training in rural areas of west wales , it has emerged .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit .
those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive ' , detective constable gareth jones said .
training : locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire in west wales , illustrated above , are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit
speaking to ceredigion council , dc jones stressed that issues surrounding terrorism were not confined to large cities .
incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 , when it is claimed hate preacher abu hamza sent a group of 10 extremists to train in the brecon beacons , in powys .
the area is one of several locations used by the british military for training .
its rugged terrain helps prepare soldiers , including elite forces personnel like the sas , physically and mentally for warfare .
in 2005 , two of the 7/7 bombers , mohammad sidique khan and shehzad tanweer , were photographed white water rafting at the national whitewater centre in bala , north wales .
five years later , three would-be terrorists from cardiff were arrested as part of an al-qaeda inspired gang who plotted a ` mumbai-style ' series of terror attacks on britain .
link : michael adebowale , left , one of the men convicted of murdering fusilier lee rigby , is understood to have studied arabic at the former european institute of human sciences at highmead , near llanybydder
omar latif , 28 , gurukanth desai , 30 , and abdul miah , 25 , were photographed holding a series of secret meetings with mohammed chowdhury and shah rahman in a country park in wales .
and michael adebowale , one of the men convicted of murdering fusilier lee rigby , is understood to have studied arabic at the former european institute of human sciences at highmead , near llanybydder .
the centre is understood to have been set up by iraqi clerics .
speaking to councillors , dc jones said : ` this chap attended the institute for human sciences for quite some time .
it 's fair to say that is a connection to a horrendous terrorist attack in the uk .
would-be terrorists : omar latif , 28 , right , gurukanth desai , 30 , and abdul miah , 25 , left , were photographed holding a series of secret meetings with mohammed chowdhury and shah rahman in a country park in wales
` ceredigion , pembrokeshire and powys have been used for radicalisation training .
` these people do turn up and take part in seemingly ordinary activities , but they do have an ulterior motive .
this does happen in ceredigion . '
dc jones added that community intelligence was important to authorities .
he said : ` it really is vital that if any intelligence comes from the community that we look at it .
we do n't want that intelligence to drop off . '

#reference: 
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire being used for training .  also used to radicalise mulsims , according to counter-terrorism officer .  he said those involved are ` seemingly normal ' but have an ` ulterior motive ' 

#decode: 
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit .  those involved in activities ` take part in ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive '  it is alleged hate preacher sent abu hamza to train in the brecon beacons .  he was arrested as part of an al-qaeda inspired gang . 