index: 6460


hash: 909be131e0110fe489dacd421fcc6f3dc4165921


#article: 
manchester united have ramped up their efforts to sign psv eindhoven star memphis depay by making an official approach for the 21-year-old .
the eredivisie champions have confirmed that the red devils have made a move over the holland international - with united manager louis van gaal keen to make him one of his first signings this summer .
van gaal is already familiar with the qualities of depay having named him in his 23-man world cup squad last year as holland finished third in brazil .
video scroll down to see depay 's stunning free kick against heerenveen
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay ( right ) , says psv 's technical director
united boss louis van gaal ( right ) is keen to make the winger of his first signings this summer
depay ( right ) worked under van gaal during holland 's successful 2014 world cup campaign
depay ( right ) was often used from the substitutes bench by van gaal as holland finished third in brazil
premier league rivals tottenham were keen on signing depay last summer but saw their £ 15million offer rebuffed by psv .
and now it appears united are in pole position to land the signature of the dutch giants ' no 7 - despite competition from some of europe 's biggest club 's including paris-saint germain .
` that was last summer .
now depay is worth more than that , ' psv technical director marcel brands said of tottenham 's bid nearly 12 months ago .
` it 's true there has been contact with manchester united and paris saint-germain and a third , big european club .
` but this time we are talking about bigger amounts of money . '
depay is enjoying a prolific season at the philips stadion where he has scored an emphatic 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .
the 21-year-old ( left ) has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season
the 21-year-old took his tally to 20 on saturday psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win the dutch championship on saturday for the first time in seven seasons .
the dutch league 's leading scorer doubled the hosts ' lead midway through the first half with a stunning free kick after luuk de jong headed them ahead early on .
heerenveen midfielder joey van den berg pulled a goal back for his side before de jong restored the two-goal advantage just before half-time and luciano narsingh added a fourth late on .
it is a 22nd league championship for psv , who are second only to ajax ( 33 titles ) in holland .
psv eindhoven won there first eredivisie title in seven years after beating heerenveen 4-1 on saturday
depay ( right ) celebrates the dutch giants ' success with manager phillip cocu after the match
born in 1994 , depay started out at hometown club vv moordrecht - a dutch amateur side in south holland - at the age of six before joining sparta rotterdam three years later .
the son of a ghanaian father and dutch mother , depay moved to psv at the age of 12 before making his first-team debut in september 2011 having impressed during a trial .
depay signed his first professional contract in june 2012 and has already made over 100 appearances for the dutch giants .
pacy , with neat close control , depay loves to run at defenders and completed the most dribbles in the entire eredivisie during the 2013/14 campaign .
adding more goals to his game this season , the youngster is more than capable at shooting from distance and boasts an explosive right-foot .
often playing on the left-wing and cutting inside , depay is strong on the ball and has more than a few tricks up his sleeve to bamboozle opponents .
however , still at a young age and learning the game , the 21-year-old can sometimes be guilty of making the wrong pass or keeping hold of the ball for too long .
talent to one day match arjen robben ... and already better than a young cristiano ronaldo ?
while depay has been tipped to become as good as dutch star arjen robben by psv manager phillip cocu , one man believes the holland youngster could one day rival cristiano ronaldo .
ed van steijn , the man who scouted ronaldo for manchester united , believes depay is better than the real madrid star was at the same age .
speaking to dutch daily newspaper algemeen dagblad , van steijn said : ` if i compare him to a young cristiano ronaldo at the time , then depay has more strings to his bow .
` ronaldo did the same things wrong at manchester united as he did when he was 17 . '
meanwhile , former holland midfielder cocu said of depay : ` whether he can be as good as arjen robben ?
` they are different players , but they are both fast and have a good shot .
and both always have the urge to learn .
` but memphis is only 21-years-old and only in a few years can real conclusions be drawn . '
depay 's psv team-mate stijn schaars is also a fan and told helden online : ` he 's doing everything to reach the top .
` he has a body of a true athlete , power and flair .
i 'm not afraid of him losing his head .
i like him a lot . '
international star and world cup goalscorer
depay was handed his first oranje call-up by louis van gaal in 2013 and was selected for holland 's world cup squad a year later .
the energetic frontman scored the winning goal in holland 's 3-2 victory over australia , before coming off the bench to net against chile and help van gaal 's men seal top spot in group b.
having impressed in brazil , depay was nominated for the tournament 's ` best young player ' award but lost out to france midfielder paul pogba .
click here to read sportsmail 's full background article about memphis depay .

#reference: 
memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this term .  psv beat heerenveen to lift their first eredivisie title in seven years .  paris-saint germain are also interested in the highly-rated 21-year-old . 

#decode: 
louis van gaal is keen to make the winger of his first signings this summer .  the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season .  manchester united have made a move over the holland international . 