index: 9771


hash: fcf6bd6796bd9943cbca3771bc5e29f0d1cea069


#article: 
( cnn ) thinking about presidential candidates ?
apparently , hormones are a major factor one should consider .
according to one female businesswoman in texas , hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war .
when george w. bush waged an unnecessary war in iraq -- was his testosterone to blame ?
as cheryl rios , the ceo of go ape marketing , sees it : " we 're built differently , we have different hormones .
in the world that we live in , i understand that there 's equal rights and that 's a wonderful thing and i support all of that .
i do n't support a woman being president . "
" with the hormones we have there is no way we should be able to start a war , " rios wrote in a facebook post .
if rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the oval office , she 'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president .
throughout history , male hormones have indeed impaired some male leaders ' decision-making .
studies show that women leaders take fewer unnecessary risks than their male counterparts .
if science does n't convince you , just google " cheating politicians " for the long and sordid list of men like arnold schwarzenegger , mark sanford and john edwards , whose hormones got the best of them .
rios has taken a lot of flak for her " biblically " inspired beliefs , but she 's not the only one who 's arguing that a woman 's hormones are a legitimate leadership concern .
time magazine declared hillary clinton the " perfect " age to be president , because she 's a postmenopausal woman who is " biologically primed " to lead .
( she also happens to be a former first lady , senator and secretary of state . )
believe me , i wish i were .
no wonder jon stewart left " the daily show " before the election cycle ramps up in full swing .
if discussions about a candidate 's hormones are what we have to look forward to , the state of presidential politics is depressing indeed .
but underneath the biochemistry debate is a much scarier consideration : the bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in 2015 , a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected unless we have a serious discussion about ending gender bias .
we want to believe that we live in a world where our daughters can do anything and be anything .
and you 'd think they could -- they outnumber boys in college , graduate school and the work force .
but what will limit their potential is not biochemistry or ability , but a bias in how women and girls are viewed .
unfortunately , cheryl rios ' view of women is not unique .
some people believe women have " our place " and that place is not at the table .
they 'll tell your daughter to " go for it " but believe she is n't qualified to fulfill her dreams .
in a compelling series about women and work , wharton school professor adam grant and facebook coo sheryl sandberg lay out the startling facts about the bias women face at work and the profound benefit of eradicating gender stereotypes .
the evidence of bias is undeniable and the examples are endless .
it 's overt : there are more men on corporate boards named john , robert , william or james than there are women on boards altogether .
the bias is also covert : when students rate their favorite professors , they describe the men as " geniuses " and the women as " nice . "
the bias is real , yet so many of us are blind to it .
hillary clinton might not be the perfect candidate , but the fact that she is a woman will make her road to the white house a much steeper climb .
that 's not just a problem for democrats -- it 's a problem for republicans , independents , everyone .
the fact is , equality benefits everyone .
it 's better for the bottom line ( companies with more women in leadership roles make more money ) .
it 's great for kids because children with involved fathers are happier , healthier , and more successful .
it 's great for marriages because couples that share responsibilities have stronger marriages .
and it 's great for corporate teams because diverse teams and companies produce better results .
our nation , our economy and our families would be much stronger if half of our companies were run by women and half of our households were run by men .
it 's not enough to say to our daughters : " you can be anything you want to be . "
what we need to say is : " you can be anything you want to be , despite what some people might think -- and what they think is wrong . "
rios said that if clinton is elected , she is " moving to canada " because " a female should n't be president . "
apparently rios knows as much about women and leadership as she knows about canada : kim campbell became the country 's first female prime minister in 1993 .
correction : an earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that canadians elected their first female prime minister , kim campbell .

#reference: 
a businesswoman worries that if hillary clinton becomes president , her hormones will make her go to war .  mel robbins : what 's scary is that the bias against women in the workplace is still going strong in 2015 . 

#decode: 
hillary clinton should n't be president as george w. bush 's testosterone to blame .  cheryl rios says her hormones are a `` perfect '' age to be president .  rios is the ceo of go ape marketing . 